TITLE: Dungeon Champions Book 1
AUTHOR: Adam Lance & Leon West
SERIES: Dungeon Champions (Book 1)
WORDS EXTRACTED: 6009
============================================================

Dungeon Champions

Disclaimer

This is an adult novel and will include mature themes. It’s adventure and LitRPG focused, and will include team management and team building aspects. For those who wish to skip the team management, we’ve segmented off those chapters for easy skimming. If you have questions about what’s included or not, or how we address them, feel free to pop over to Discord to ask.

A Note on Cosmology

Dungeon Champions shares some elements of the “Adam Lance” supernatural cosmology in each book. This book, Isekai Emperor, Dark City Girls, and Fate’s Enforcer all have some overlap, including cameos. The greater cosmology is loosely linked. Readers are not expected to have read any of the other books to understand this one.

LitRPG Elements

Dungeon Champions includes a variety of LitRPG elements, including team management. Expect character sheet management, discussions around skill acquisition, and adventures.

Definitions

You’ll find a list of terms, their definitions, and some basic explanations about them, in the Glossary.

Plot Summary

Jordan Cash is transported into the fantasy realm of the Fae Wilds with no memory of his past. Upon waking, he discovers he’s at the center of an ancient dungeon, with the corpse of a grizzled old adventurer. When he picks up the Tablet from the fallen adventurer, he unlocks much of the man’s skills and knowledge, transforming himself into a Battle Scholar.

As he fights his way free of the terrors of the dungeon, gaining equipment and levels, he discovers a team of low-level adventurers who have fallen prey to one of the dungeon’s advanced traps. Once he frees them, they realize an opportunity: Jordan’s class has the unique ability to allow him to manage the classes (and skills) of a team.

This story will include both LitRPG (action and adventure) elements, as well as team and character building.

Chapter 1: Core Bargain

Pting!

I woke up in a haze. My vision was too blurry to make out anything other than general shapes and colors. Sitting up, I brought both hands to my head and rubbed them in slow circles, applying pressure to my temples.

Everything hurt.

My migraines had grown worse lately, and this one was no different. Searing, thought-stealing agony began at my temples and rolled backward, until it pinched like a vice at the nape of my neck.

Migraines had been a constant companion of mine since the accident. I knew exactly how to deal with them. Or work around them. But during the worst of them, all I could do was sit in the cold, dark quiet and wait for relief.

When the pain was so bad, all I wanted to do was curl up and sleep. Even thinking was difficult. Mental fog wrapped around me and squeezed almost as tight as the migraine itself.

Pting!

Water splashed somewhere off to my left. I fought to think through the fog of pain. Did I leave something on again? Last year was the start of my sleepwalking. One doctor said that the migraines were likely the culprit. Neither testing nor medicine had helped. I just had to adjust.

It was entirely possible I’d woken on the cold linoleum of the downstairs kitchen again.

Fumbling around, I ran my hands over the ground. It was smooth and cold, like linoleum, but it lacked tile lines. And it felt more…porous?

I thought to call out and shout for my grandparents, but stopped myself at the last minute. They had passed away a little over six months ago. I was all alone.

A wave of helplessness and isolation threatened to keep me on the ground. I fought through it, willing myself to think through the pain. With gritted teeth, I pushed myself to my knees.

One agonizing inch at a time, I crawled toward the sound of the water. Hours seemed to pass before my fingers met something cold and sloped.

This can’t be the kitchen sink…

I couldn’t concentrate long enough to be logical, and I couldn’t clear my vision.

I spread my hands, working them up to the sides of what I hoped was a sink. My fingertips crested the rounded lip. Cool water brushed my skin, and with it came relief. It started at my tingling extremities and soaked inward, as if it were flowing through my veins and spreading through my entire body.

Icy relief—an unimaginably glorious sensation—wove through my body. In seconds, the migraine cleared, leaving me able to see and think again.

“Where am I?”

My voice echoed in the domed room.

I was in some sort of stone chamber—with smooth walls, floors, and ceiling, all unnaturally black—supported by a dozen glyph-covered pillars. Glowing symbols hovered in the air, moving throughout the room. Beside me was a small fountain, maybe three feet across. The water in it was a brilliant blue color and sparkled, as if electrified.

I was thirsty enough to throw caution to the wind, so on impulse, I leaned forward and took a drink.

Relief preceded the liquid as I swallowed, and pure, rejuvenating joy followed. It spread from my mouth, my esophagus, down through my chest and both up my arms and down my legs with wicked speed. Energy roared through my veins, every bit as potent as a pot of coffee and a full night’s rest.

What about my…

I’d been thinking about something, about where I’d come from before this, but the thought evaporated, taking with it all the memories of my previous life.

“Where am I?” I repeated. Narrowing my eyes, I concentrated, trying to remember anything.

Facts flashed through my mind. I could speak, and I knew all sorts of random things. The sky was blue, my name was Jordan, and I knew the difference between at least four different types of wrenches. Other than the raw knowledge, however, nothing remained.

Looking down, I frowned at my clothes. I was wearing rumpled pajamas, covered in laughing dog faces. When did I put those on? Where had I gotten them from? Why would dogs laugh like that?

My knowledge told me the answer to those last two both had to do with the internet, but aside from knowing what “the internet” was, I didn’t know what it was. Solving that enigma wouldn’t miraculously reveal my location, so I decided to look around.

The room was featureless, other than the fountain. But there was a person-sized shape against the far end of the room, near a pair of heavy double doors.

I moved closer to get a better look at it.

The person-sized shape looked like a powerfully built older man. His gray hair fanned out around his head where he lay, face down on the smooth stone floor. He wore elaborate armor and had a half dozen weapons sticking out from behind his back and hips. Next to one outstretched hand was a glowing, golden rectangle, like a computer tablet.

Only this looked special; the device bordered in rich filigree and pulsing with light that could only be described as magical.

“Magical computer tablet?” I remembered what a tablet was and how it operated. But when had I held one? When had I seen one? That information was gone.

The word seemed to fit the device in the man’s hand. Given the fact that it looked extra special, I assumed it would have a capital-T at the front—Tablet.

Taking a step toward the man, I said, “Uh, hello? Mister? Are you okay?”

When the man didn’t move, I looked around again. Now that I was a couple of feet away from the fountain, when I looked back, I saw elaborate glowing runes around the curved lip. The language meant nothing to me. It was all just gibberish.

Lacking any other options, I finished crossing the room to the man. He didn’t respond. Maybe he was sleeping.

Using one bare foot, I nudged his shoulder. “Hello?”

Once again, there was no response.

Crouching, I reached out and ran my fingers through the man’s hair, brushing it away from his neck. Swallowing hard, I put two fingers at the juncture of neck and throat, feeling for a pulse.

There was none. Just cold, dead skin.

“What is going on?” Now I was confused. Even without my memories, I knew the situation made no sense. How had I come to be where I was? Who was this man?

Did I do this? Did I somehow sleepwalk somewhere…and… And what? Kill someone?

The concept was preposterous. I knew myself, even without my memories. Jordan Cash wasn’t a murderer. Also, what would I have even killed the man with? My bare hands?

Ignoring his weapons and armor for now, I reached for the glowing Tablet.

Zzzaaap!

Electricity shot from the device as it snapped into my hand. Tines of blue and green energy lashed out, rolling over the corpse’s body. They expanded from the dead man, forming a spiderweb of wavering, crawling energy that struck the ceiling’s support beams and the fountain.

“Blursh! Da nesse tatai pasha!”

An unfamiliar voice echoed through the room, and I looked around, trying to find who spoke. There wasn’t anything…until I finally looked up.

Beneath the curved dome of the roof was a crystalline orb, about three and a half feet across. Complicated symbols and bits of rune-shaped metal wove around it. One of the symbols looked a lot like a purple eye.

It blinked, centering its focus on me.

A floating eyeball?

“What the hell?” I said aloud.

More strange syllables filled the air until, at last, a fresh bolt of energy extended from the orb and to the Tablet.

“Do you understand me now?” The orb’s voice came across as posh, almost British.

“Uh. Yeah, I do.” Shaking with a mixture of fear and adrenaline, I came to my feet. The Tablet was still in my hand. It felt stuck there, and when I glanced down, I saw bits of magic continuously lashing between me, the corpse, and the device, like tiny lightning bolts.

“Excellent. Hold one moment. This interaction is governed by higher rules than mere mortal contracts.”

I was perplexed, but before I could ask a question, the sound of a thousand dice falling to the floor surrounded me. For a brief moment, I thought I could see their faint outlines as they rolled across the ground. I wondered what was going on.

“Hmmm… What? I mean, it’s possible… but really?” The eyeball made a sound like a tongue clicking against the roof of a mouth, but it didn’t have either of those things. “I simply must roll again….”

More invisible dice crashed to the ground.

“Who are you, mortal? While possible, the chaos of this event can only point to the reality at the foundations of the dimensions and universes. And it happened in my domain, where I’m bound by the very chaos that forced this event. I will be held accountable, with my existence and domain in the balance….”

When the speaker finally took a breath, I said, “I’m sorry. What’s going on?”

The eyeball burst out laughing and took a while before stopping.

“You are unique, and the event that brought you here is more unique. But the uniqueness of those two things has been exponentially surpassed by the uniqueness governing the extent that I can help you now. So then we can be on with the bargain.”

“Bargain?” I had no idea what the hell he was talking about, but bargains in mysterious stone rooms didn’t seem remotely safe.

The eye blinked from me to the fountain. “Read the Tablet, mortal.”

Looking at the previously indecipherable text, I read.

Pinnacle Dungeon Core: You have arrived at the Well of Purity. Drink and be renewed. Agree to the Core’s terms and receive a Pinnacle Blessing.

“Okay, so I can at least read all this… Individually, these words all make sense. But together? I’m going to need a little help here.”

“This is a return to innocence, adventurer.” The voice sounded smug. “So many of your kind assume that a Pinnacle Blessing is a simple matter. I assure you; it is not. Now, you must negotiate with me as the Fates intended. Bereft of guile.”

“Guile? Uh. I think you have the wrong person. I’m not the sort of person who has any guile.”

“Are you certain? You have no memories.”

“Pretty certain.” I tugged at my clothes, then pointed at the corpse. “If I had to guess, I’d say he’s the one with the guile.” Although not enough to keep him alive, apparently.

The eye pivoted, studying the body. Electric runes crawled across the surface of the gem, and the eye widened. “He attempted to summon aid even as he crossed the threshold.” A dry, humorless chuckle filled the air. “My chamber’s protections intervened.” It rotated to look at me again. “You, it appears, have been simultaneously given a great boon and a curse.”

“Eh?”

“Precisely.”

Looking away from the strange orb, I studied the golden Tablet in my hand. The screen now read: Legendary Adventurer’s Tablet. Status: Unbound/Locked.

“Ah. Now I see how he got so far by himself.” The orb floated down from the roof, moving to hover near my shoulder. It radiated a weight and presence that felt like a physical pressure.

“Huh?”

The eye rotated, studying me. “Even if you had your memories, you would not know what a Dungeon Core is, would you?”

“No.” Frustration bubbled to the surface as I glared up at the giant eyeball. “I don’t know what any of this stuff is. I know you said words, but I still don’t know how I got here.”

“Amusing. I see an opportunity, then. Shall we negotiate?”

I didn’t love the idea of negotiating without knowing anything, but I also didn’t see many other options. The Well of Purity thing said I had to agree to the Core’s terms to get a Pinnacle Blessing… and something told me I wanted that.

“Sure?”

The orb floated away, moving to rotate slowly above the fountain. “I can sense your confusion. Let me explain. Because you drank from my wellspring, I am required to provide you with a Pinnacle Blessing. Normally, an adventurer who came this far would demand my Core. They would kill me.”

“Is that my only choice? I don’t want to kill you,” I said honestly. “We just met. Besides, you seem like a nice, um, eyeball thing.”

“Yes. I’m glad you do not want to kill me. The cleansing water wipes away memories from those who are not prepared. Still, the soul remains untouched. You are a kind person, aren’t you? Fortunate. Unfortunately, you will not survive long in your new world like that. Even were you to take your summoner’s weapons and equipment…” The eyeball made a tsking sound. “Instead, perhaps I can make you an offer that we will find mutually beneficial?”

I considered my options for all of half a second. What other choices did I really have? “I’m not booked for any meetings other than this one. Go ahead.”

The eye blinked at me, then burst into laughter. “He’s got a sense of humor. I like that!”

Grinning, I said, “I like you too, Dungeon Core-Eye-Thing.”

“My terms are simple. I will transfer the Legendary Tablet into your ownership. This will allow you to keep most of the late adventurer’s knowledge and experience points. You will need to pick a new class.” The eyeball paused, before adding dramatically, “In exchange, you will evacuate my dungeon.”

“That’s it?”

“Indeed. But not just you. Several adventurers followed this one into my depths.” The eyeball started to move slightly to the right, paused, and then moved back to the left. It was almost as if it was pacing. “From what I overheard, they are still low level. I believe they hoped to ride this one’s coattails and pick up any treasure he discarded. My denizens have separated and trapped them.”

It stopped pacing and looked at me directly. “I want you to rescue them, then take them out of my domain.”

“Why?”

The energy covering the eye changed shape, becoming the outline of a grinning mouth. “Because, when you return to the surface, you will take any adventurers who survive with you. Then, in exchange for my benevolence, you and the group will take care of the Demon Core that has infested my sibling in the lands nearby. With that help, I shall grow and prevent future invaders from bothering me.”

Lacking my memories or context, I had no clue if I was getting a fair deal or not. “Why do I need to rescue the others? Can’t you just free them?”

The eye bobbed from side to side. “Dungeons in the Fae Wilds do not work that way. I only have direct control of specific aspects of my dungeon. This man defeated my simulacra and my floor boss. If he hadn’t gotten arrogant at the final door, you would not be here.” It sighed. “Other than the bosses, any denizens I lure in act independently, which they are now.”

“All I’ll need to do is defeat one of your rivals, and we’ll be even?”

“Precisely.” The eye’s energy grin returned. “I shall even give you the location of the Demon Core to help guide you. When you remove it, I will be able to expand and claim its territory.” It paused. “You can even claim the Core’s power when you destroy it, if you’d like. And once you’ve done that, I’ll consider any debt between us to be even.”

I looked over at the old man’s corpse. “Claiming the Core’s power…so killing it?” The eye bobbed up and down in a way I assumed meant it was nodding. “I’m not sure how comfortable I am with killing things. Pretty certain that where I came from, murder was wrong.”

Voice softening, the eye said, “This is a new world, friend. And with the skill memories of the fallen warrior, you will understand much. Violence is the way of your new home.”

I nodded uncertainly. “How long will I have to defeat this Demon Core rival of yours? Assuming I agree to your terms.”

“Core time is not mortal time. Anything within three years should be sufficient for my needs, assuming the new Goblin King doesn’t shake things up. The invader is right beneath his kingdom, after all.”

Goblin King?

“Okay. Well. I don’t see that I have much of a choice.” I hated being without options, but this offer was better than trying to find my way out of the dungeon by myself.

“If it helps, most denizens of dungeons are monsters. Real, living monsters. Few of us are aligned with celestial magic. When you go to fulfill your side of our bargain, you’ll be fighting nightmarish things.” The eye paused. “In fact, many of the entities you’ll face could very well threaten the surrounding environment if left unchecked. The poor goblins have already been under quite a lot of pressure. Maybe you could consider this an act of kindness?”

“Actually, that does help.”

One thing I was certain about myself was that I’d been a good person, or at least decent. Whatever I’d been in my past life, that much was a certainty.

Even in a world with monsters and death, that much wouldn’t change.

I took a deep breath and firmed my resolve. “All right. I agree to your terms.”

The Tablet in my hand vibrated, the screen flashing and changing.

Chapter 2: Class Selection

The Tablet’s glowing screen flashed rapidly, trying to draw my attention. It vibrated and then vibrated again in short bursts.

Bzz.

Bzzzzz.

Bzzzzzzzzzzzt.

Bzz. Bzzzzzz. Bzzzzzzzt.

They were growing closer together and more urgent. “I should probably get that…”

My giant eyeball friend chuckled. “Most likely. It is the culmination of our agreement, after all.”

As soon as I brought the glowing golden Tablet up to view it, the machine killed the vibrations, creating a sort of sighing sound as it was mid alert.

The screen had a notice message at the top.

***

Notice

A Pinnacle Blessing has been used to transfer ownership of this Legendary Adventurer’s Tablet to you. As a result, you will be granted a significant portion of the original wielder’s knowledge, skills, and character experience. You must still choose an appropriate class. Based on your (lack of) background and current challenges, we recommend one of the following Legendary Classes.

Note: Because you begin at Level 10, we have listed the five (5) abilities each class will give you below. Be aware that different classes calculate health, mana, and other aspects uniquely. Fighters, for example, get mana that can be used for activating specific magical items, but their mana pool is much less than spellcasters. For details about normal level and class progression, touch the Details button. This Tablet is context sensitive.

***

Below that was an article in the style of an online encyclopedia. I had no idea how I knew what an ‘online encyclopedia’ was, but it was an accurate description for the stylistically simple headers and descriptions, each with a glowing “Details” button that would expand the article.

Information for three classes flooded the screen. I read through them once, then again, to make sure I understood everything the descriptions had to offer.

***

Lord of Dungeons (Legendary Class)

Details

Description: A titan that excels at adventuring, particularly in dungeons.

Experience Criteria: Lord of Dungeons do not gain levels like normal classes. Instead of experience points, they gain one (1) level each time they defeat or capture a Dungeon Core.

Granted Powers: Each time you capture a Dungeon Core, you acquire five (5) spells or minor abilities associated with that core.

Level 1: You gain a +5 bonus to resist any negative effect in a dungeon. This includes passive dangers, like traps, and the inhabitants of the dungeon (including non-native ones).

Level 3: Your attacks may deal critical damage to anything inside a dungeon, even objects or creatures normally immune to them. Note: Critical attacks do double damage.

Level 5: Your critical attack threshold is improved by 25%. Your critical attack damage is increased by 25%. Inside a dungeon, both of these improve to 50%.

Level 7: You heal and recover from all forms of injury in a dungeon at ten (10) times the normal rate. You are now immune to permanently immobilizing effects (such as Freeze Block and Permanent Time Shift).

Level 9: Once per dungeon, you may summon an ally to help you. This ability has no maximum distance and can even recruit allies from adjacent realities. Note: A Dungeon Core’s authority may interfere with this power. It is recommended that you use this before entering the Dungeon Core’s lair.

* * *

Battle Scholar (Legendary Class)

Details

Description: Battle Scholars are the masters of violence. Not only are they effective in combat, but they can also coordinate teams of adventurers.

Experience Criteria: Battle Scholars gain experience by mentoring and helping others. They gain reduced experience from standard combat.

The Price of Level Disparity: If you are mentoring adventurers more than three (3) levels below yours and you deal combat damage to enemies the adventurers are fighting, the experience they receive is reduced by an amount proportional to your intervention. Feel free to be creative about avoiding this penalty.

Granted Powers: A Battle Scholar can generate up to one (1) Epic Class Tablet per three (3) of their levels plus one (1)—at Level 10, this is four (4). They have Command Authority over these Tablets. The Battle Scholar may assign these Tablets to willing recipients. Note: The assignment process wipes away any current levels granted by other Tablets. Assignee retains all other skills and knowledge.

Graduation: Once the recipient has gained ten (10) levels, the Battle Scholar may give the person ownership of their Tablet. This is called Graduation. If this happens, the Scholar may manifest a new Epic Tablet. This process takes 120 days.

Reassignment: It is possible to remove and reassign a Tablet; however, doing so strips the person it was removed from of all experience. Long press for more information.

Level 1: You gain a special skill called “Adventure Historian.” This skill grants extensive knowledge into combat, adventuring, classes and class skills, monsters, and more.

In addition, you possess an extradimensional holding space. You may use this space to summon and store any weapons or armor you possess at will. If these items are taken from you, you must retrieve them before you can use this ability. You may also use this space to store supplementary adventuring materials, up to a maximum of 50 lbs. per level.

Level 3: You become proficient in all standard adventuring equipment. This includes familiarity with all commonly known weapons, armor, and magical items (such as wands and scrolls). You may not cast spells like a spellcaster, but if a spell scroll does not require a spellcasting class, you can use it. This proficiency is sufficient that you may teach others how to use the equipment, even if you have had no prior familiarity before getting this power.

Level 5: The time it takes you to train others in any combat skills you are familiar with decreases by 50%.

Level 7: You and anyone with one of your Epic Class Tablets share a telepathic bond. This allows you to provide direct instructions and mental guidance. The time it takes you to train your allies decreases by another 10%.

Level 9: You, and any allies with an Epic Class Tablet granted by this class within [medium range] gain [modest] resistance to non-damaging attacks. This includes spells, curses, and some traps.

***

Core Wielder (Legendary Class)

Details

Description: Capture Dungeon Cores to empower your magic.

Experience Criteria: Gain experience each time you develop a new spell or use your magic.

Granted Powers: You gain a Mana Pool equal to your Magic score plus your level times two (x2). You also learn five (5) spells, and two (2) new spells for each level you gain. While you wield a Dungeon Core, all of your spell damage and durations are increased by 50%.

Level 1: If you are holding a Dungeon Core, your spells are considered to use the core’s mana type. For example: A Demonic Core would make all of your spells demonic in nature, and they would take on all the benefits and penalties therein.

Level 3: If you are holding a Dungeon Core, you gain a supernatural ability to sense hidden doors and traps in a dungeon.

Level 5: You gain a passive bonus to your Magic and Intellect equal to one (1) per Dungeon Core you possess.

Level 7: You may add the number of Dungeon Cores you possess to your level for determining any level-based, variable effects for your spells.

Level 9: You may consume a core to restore all your health and mana. This also banishes any lingering negative effects, such as curses.

***

***

“Well, now I know how I got here,” thinking of that last Lord of Dungeons ability as I considered the options.

The raw power of the Core Wielder and the Lord of Dungeons was incredibly tantalizing. In fact, I was willing to bet that all of the Core-oriented classes offered a similar amount of risk and reward, provided I was willing to spend a lot of my time inside a dungeon. With the Pinnacle Blessing deal I’d made hinging on me taking out a Demon Core, I had a feeling I was going to be visiting quite a few dungeons.

But there was a critical issue with that thinking: I’d only been in one dungeon so far, and only in one room.

I looked around. There wasn’t really a whole lot to go by, based on this room. “Are all dungeons like this?”

The floating eyeball blinked and made an uncertain sound. “Underground, made of stone, filled with monsters, traps, and a Dungeon Core?” It sounded mildly amused.

“Mhm.”

Energy coalesced around the eyeball again to simulate a shrug. “Many are. The type of mana we’re made with shapes us.”

“What type are you?”

The eye did that strange grinning thing again. This one felt sinister, but in a harmless way. “Chaos. I was sanctified by an ancient order of goblins.”

Goblins again. My imprecise Earth-based memory brought up images of short green humanoids with a penchant for explosives and money. For some reason, I was convinced they had a New Jersey accent, although I didn’t actually remember why I thought that.

“Cool. Well, I guess that makes this selection process easier. No offense, but I don’t really want to spend my entire life in dungeons.”

That shrug energy returned. “It’s a smart move. Other than the newborn Dungeon Cores, us surviving Dungeon Cores tend to be quite dangerous for you adventuring types.”

“How do most people gain experience?”

“Dungeons.” The eyeball fixed me with a particularly nasty grin. “Fighting monsters gives you experience, as does completing quests. Although a good number of quests usually involve a dungeon in some way, so…”

That solidified my plans.

If I was going to have to run around in dangerous underground pits to kill monsters and collect bear butts for quests, I was going to want to have a party. One that I could boost and support and mentor to work together flawlessly sounded way better than being a cog in someone else’s wheel.

I selected the Battle Scholar class from the list. The instant I did, a torrent of knowledge and skill flooded my body, sending me sprawling on the floor.

As I lay there, thrashing, I saw the corpse of the fallen adventurer deflate. The equipment on the body blurred, vanishing. Armor and weapons clanged gently as they appeared on my twitching body.

Along with the equipment, I felt my body changing. The weight of the armor felt oddly familiar, almost comfortable.

“I’m giving you the other man’s physical advantages,” the Eye announced. “It’s part of the package. Technically, this makes you into a Changeling. Don’t worry. You’re still you. Just enhanced.”

Jordan Cash Character Sheet

Name: Jordan Cash

Age: 31

Level: 10

Class: Battle Scholar (Legendary)

Current Experience: 1,650

Experience to Level 11: 550

Species: Human Changeling

Hit Points (Endurance X Level): 190

Mana (Magic + Level): 23

Attributes

Advancement Note: Tablet Wielders gain five (5) attribute points per level but may not assign more than three (3) to a single attribute at a time.

Strength: 21 (Adds five [5] to ten [10] to your weapon damage; this is multiplied on a critical attack.)

Endurance: 19 (You are supernaturally durable and can resist magical attacks normal humans cannot.)

Agility: 17 (You are incredibly agile and can jump three [3] times the standard distance, with twice the peak movement speed for someone of your size.)

Cunning: 16 (You naturally resist many low-level illusions and mind-influencing effects.)

Discipline: 14 (You maintain focus even in the face of distractions and injury)

Magic: 13

Notice: You have inherited the attributes of the deceased adventurer. You have also acquired his familiarity with these attributes. Normal people have attribute scores around six (6) or seven (7), with a pinnacle of fifteen (15). This means you possess supernatural strength, toughness, agility, and cunningness. Thanks to the inherited understanding, you won’t go around crushing people’s hands when you shake them.

Core Skills

Advancement Note: Tablet Wielders get three (3) skill points per level. Each skill point represents one (1) year of focused, idealized training.

Adventure Historian: 11 (This skill grants you extensive familiarity with all things related to adventuring.)

Dungeoneering: 11 (This skill grants you specific insights into dungeons, including the knowledge required to create or disable traps.)

Potion Brewing: 11 (This skill grants you exhaustive insight into how to create and brew non-magical and low-level magical potions. Touch for more details about the potions you know how to brew.)

Additional Special Abilities

Your body has been upgraded with the best enhancements of the deceased adventurer. Your race has been classified as a “Changeling.” As a result of this fusion, you may wield his weapons and armor. You can also see in the dark as well as you can in the light.

Equipment

Weapons

Axe of Felling: This axe deals five (5) to eight (8) base damage. This damage is doubled against inorganic material, as well as plants. This includes plant-type monsters.

Fast Sword of Bloodletting: This sword deals two (2) to six (6) base damage. Any enemy with blood struck by the sword continues to bleed for one (1) to four (4) damage every six (6) seconds, or until the wound is healed or treated. As a Fast weapon, your normal rate of attacks is increased by 50% while wielding it.

Bow of Sight-Blinding: This magical bow enchants any arrow shot from it to deal two (2) to four (4) damage. There is a [significant] chance any enemies struck by it will be blinded for ten (10) seconds.

Accurate Dagger of Cruelty: This throwing dagger has its critical attack threshold doubled. It deals two (2) to six (6) base damage if thrown, or one (1) to four (4) with a melee strike. If you throw it, and it deals a critical attack, it lodges itself inside the opponent, causing them to bleed for one (1) damage every six (6) seconds. Removing the Cruel weapon causes it to deal critical damage again.

Armor

Tyrant’s Armor: You are immune to all [Common] and [Uncommon] environmental and magical effects. These include [scorching] and [freezing] environments. You also take significantly reduced damage against [Epic] or [Legendary] environmental and magical effects, such as being immersed in a pool of acid.

Gauntlets of Grappling: You cannot be grappled or held against your will, unless the being doing so is three (3) or more levels higher than you.

Trackless Boots of Levitation: Your movement rate is doubled, and your footsteps no longer leave footprints or evidence of your passage. These boots can levitate one (1) inch over any substance, effectively allowing you to walk over water, or pools of acid or lava, etc.

Cloak of Shadows: You gain the Stealth skill. It is equal to your level.

Belt of Rejuvenation: You heal one (1) hit point per minute. Note: This belt is attuned to you. Attunement requires twenty-four (24) hours of continuous wear.

Other Equipment

Platinum: 750

Gold: 12,933

High-Quality Magic Gems: x12

Storage Pouch:x10. Each of these pouches can hold 100 lbs. of material in an extra dimensional space.

Adventuring Kit: This basic kit includes rope and pitons, bedding, and rations for three (3) days.

Arrows: x500. Located in storage pouches.

Vials of Healing (Greater): x5

Map of the Area

Teleportation Scroll (Keyed to Vanduul)

Fae Lodging Scroll (One-Night Accommodations): x5

Chapter 3: Overpowered

I didn’t lose consciousness—at least, I didn’t think I did. But suddenly, my awareness snapped back into place, and I felt an incredible well of life experience waiting for me.

Thoughts that weren’t mine filled my head, yet they clearly were mine at the same time. I, Jordan, remembered a thousand stories as if I had lived them myself.

I recalled climbing the heights of the Datorsion mountains and fighting the ice trolls at its peak. Afterward, I invaded their lair, claiming their Dungeon Core. In another memory, I traveled to the swamps of the Dead Basin, conquering the undead who had drowned in its waters. That Core had refused to submit, attempting to self-destruct before I could extract it, but my quick thinking won me the prize.

These memories weren’t associated with their previous owner—I didn’t even know the fallen man’s name or class, although I assumed it was Lord of Dungeons, based on that Level 9 ability I was offered. Instead, they felt like my own experiences, as if I, Jordan, had truly lived them.

Beneath it all, I still knew I’d come from a place called Earth, a world of computers and cars. But overlapping that truth was another reality: I was Jordan, the adventuring Battle Scholar.