TITLE: Fated Enforcer Book 1
AUTHOR: Adam Lance
SERIES: Fated Enforcer (Book 1)
WORDS EXTRACTED: 6015
============================================================

Author’s Note

This is a HaremLit action-adventure story with a GameLit system. Because this isn’t a traditional LitRPG book, we’ve decided to move the starting character sheet out of the initial chapters.

If you’re curious, you can find Alex’s starting character sheet, in its entirety, at the end of the book. His final character sheet (after any changes or progression) is there as well.

P.S. Stay tuned at the end for 4 bonus chapters!

Cosmology

Fate’s Enforcer takes place in what we’re loosely calling the “Tablet” universe. Each story in that universe shares the same basic system. We’ll also have some corresponding events and character cameos from one series to the other. These are not required reading to follow the story – just fun Easter eggs for fans.

Prelude: Alex’s Recruitment

One Year Ago

“Help me! He’s got a knife!” The girl’s terrified voice carried through the thin apartment door.

Dropping his laptop bag, Alexander kicked at the doorjamb. It buckled but didn’t open. Backing up five feet, until his back brushed the second-floor railing, he charged forward, slamming his shoulder against the wood.

CRACK!

The wood made a loud cracking sound, but still didn’t give way.

“No! No! I didn’t do nothing!” The frantic girl’s cries came again, this time with the high wail of desperation.

Adrenaline spiking, Alex grit his teeth, squared off, and slammed his shoulder against the wood, right next to the jam. Pain radiated from the impact, but the jam buckled and the door finally swung open.

Momentum carried him a few steps into the grimy old apartment. He caught details of the place in a flash. It was an open space, with the living room, kitchen, and dining area all connected. Everything was dirty and reeked.

A man wearing leather biker gear stood in the middle of the living area, maybe six feet away. He had a little, green-skinned girl with red hair tucked beneath one arm. She shrieked, and Alex recognized the voice.

Before he processed what was happening, the man sprinted into the couch and through the wall. Both the attacker and the girl vanished like some sort of magic trick.

The girl’s screams continued, echoing as if her captor had taken her into a vaulted cavern or amphitheater.

“What the fuck,” Alex muttered, but gave chase.

He passed through the couch and the stained wall like the biker had. Everything went black as a sensation of motion, or tearing, ripped across his skin.

The next thing he heard was the sound of his cheap shoes slapping across paving stones. His eyes kicked in a moment later, and he discovered he was charging across a dimly lit cave.

What in the Harry Potter bullshit is this? He thought just before he slammed into a smooth, roughly carved wall.

Crunch!

He hit the wall at a sprint, barely stopping himself in time to avoid a concussion. The feeling of his nose breaking was both familiar and painful.

I hate not being able to taste my food, he thought as he pushed off the wall and reached up to staunch the blood.

“You’re not allowed to start the trial hurt,” a familiar, Irish-accented voice called from nearby.

Turning, Alexander looked for who had spoken even as he felt at his nose. The break, along with the pain, was gone. There’d been no transition, no rush of sensation or anything else to hint at how the trick happened.

One second, his nose was a pancake. The next, back to its standard off-center tilt.

Then he saw who’d spoken.

“Mattie?” Taking a step from the wall, Alexander barely stopped himself from rushing over. His brother had changed since they’d seen each other last.

Matthew stood at the entrance to a cave tunnel, side-lit by several floating, glowing orbs. The tattooed man, with one hand wrapped around a gray staff, was wearing jeans and a button up shirt beneath some sort of strange medieval-style tabard. It bore the symbol of a sheet of torn cloth with a shield atop it.

Like Alex, Matthew was tall, well over six feet, and had dark, intense eyes. He returned Alex’s gaze with a flat, almost angry, regard.

“You just had to do it, didn’t you?” Matthew accused. “What did they get you with? Was it a screaming woman, or maybe a drowning cat?”

“Huh?” Out of the corner of his eye, Alex saw three other men in the chamber. Each a deviation of the same note: all were between twenty and forty, and well-built, with the look of experienced fighters or former military. “Mattie, what’s going on here?”

One of the three glowing orbs bobbed up and down, and a lyrical voice pulsed from within the light. “Veil Warden, the Fates have deemed this group complete. Your Tablet has been updated with instructions.”

With a rolling gesture, Matthew extended a hand. A platinum computer tablet appeared out of the air. It slid between his fingers and produced a gentle white-silver light as he studied the screen. “They brought my brother in. I want an easement.”

The tablet glowed, and the dancing light bobbed. “You may provide the group with two pieces of advice, Warden. That is all.”

Scowling, Matthew dropped his hand. Instead of falling, the tablet collapsed to a pinpoint of light, then vanished. “Okay, you four, I’m going to give you the briefing. First of all, you’ve seen enough magic to know it’s real. Right? I don’t have to pull a Gandalf or anything, do I?”

A man with dark, Middle East or Mediterranean skin, said, “Am I dead? The child was drowning. I jumped in...”

“And I ran into a fire,” another man, short and Hispanic, added.

Matthew held up four fingers. “You all experienced the same basic thing. First, there was a test of the body. You probably had to climb or hit something. Then one of the heart, which is to weed out the assholes who’d let puppies drown or kids die. And then there was courage. I call that the test of stupidity. It’s the one that shows all of you are too damn brave for your own good.”

“And it’s lethal?” The last member of the group, an Asian man, asked. “I jumped down a well. There’s no way I survived that fall.”

“Almost never,” Matthew replied sharply. “You could have died but didn’t. That’s the important distinction. Spoiler: there is no truck-kun. You’re not in an isekai story. This is a recruitment ceremony focused on Earth, not the Fae Wilds.”

Feeling lost and out of his depth, Alexander said, “Mattie, what are the Fae Wilds?”

His brother waved the question down. “You’ll probably spend time there, depending on your assignments. Assuming you survive this next part, anyway. Okay. Now that we’ve...”

“You held up four fingers, mister,” the Asian man interrupted. “But you only listed three things.”

“Good catch,” Matthew said with a wry smile. “That earns you a pip.”

At his decree, a metallic screen appeared against the nearest wall. It listed their names: Alexander Colin, Jared Ahmed, Miguel Cortez, and Akira Tanaka.

Beneath each name was some sort of tracker. It was listed: Combat, Social, and Intellect. Akira’s board had a single blue dot next to Intellect.

“The last thing you all have in common is that you lack ties. If you die during the trial, no one will miss you.” Matthew gave Alexander a pointed look. “Just to be clear, I would miss you. But I wouldn’t report it. That’s the distinction.”

“What’s this trial? What’s going on here?” Alexander’s mind spun, trying to adjust to a rapidly changing scenario. Aspects of what he saw made sense, at least from a theoretical perspective. He and his brother had both spent enough time in the military to play lots of RPG games, or experience the wonders of Baldur’s Gate Three, but this was a bit much to take in.

Matthew gestured with his staff. “That’s enough. I’m going to go through the announcement and rules.”

Alex tried to speak, but found his voice gone. He saw the other three men also doing something similar. The Hispanic guy, Miguel, walked up to Matthew and threw a punch. Before it landed, Miguel appeared on the far side of the cave.

“Rule number one: if you see someone wearing the mantle of Fate, don’t attack them. Until I take this thing off, I’m virtually indestructible.” Touching his tabard with one finger, Matthew’s tone changed, becoming distant. It sounded like he was reciting something from memory.

“You all are here because there are vacancies among Fate’s ranks on Earth. Those who work for Fate have free will and are vulnerable when they are not on duty. Keep that in mind.”

Extending a hand, two of the orbs landed on his outstretched palm. Each produced a subtly different shade of color, one white and one yellow. Instead of mixing, the lights overlapped, as if each occupied a subtly distinct reality.

“You are here to prove your worth to the Fates. If you do, you’ll be given a rank and title.” The yellow globe flashed. “Behind me is Faith Core. It’s a very special dungeon. Why and how it’s special doesn’t matter. You’ll figure it out once you get inside.”

Matthew lifted his staff, pointing the tip over his shoulder at the cave entrance. “Inside, you will be tested on the three pillars-combat, social, and intellectual. For each challenge you overcome, you’ll earn a pip just like Mr. Akira did earlier. Once you achieve five successes in any one category, you’ll be permitted to face an ultimate challenge. Only then will you be awarded your Tablet and allowed to choose a class.”

The platinum Tablet he’d interacted with earlier reappeared, hovering beside his face. “In addition to a class, you’ll be granted a block of abilities. These vary from one person to another, depending on your assignment.”

An apple appeared out of the air. Letting the staff fall against his shoulder, he caught the fruit. He held it out, letting the four silent witnesses watch as he crushed it as casually as he might have wadded up a sheet of paper.

Is this how he was always so strong? Alexander thought, eyes wide as he remembered their time in basic training. Matthew had seemed inexhaustible, and strong enough to lift a car. Was this mysterious “Tablet” thing the source of that power?

“The Tablet is the carrot at the end of the dungeon,” Matthew continued. “With a class, you’ll become more than human. If you’re familiar with roleplaying games, don’t get confused. The Tablet doesn’t simply make you into a fighter, or a bard, or whatever. The potential is closer to superhero than Legolas.”

Alexander gave his brother a skeptical look, and Matthew hesitated. His tone faltered as he went off the script. “Book Legolas, not movie Legolas. Yes, if you get one of these classes, think of it more like movie Legolas.” Seeing Alexander’s amused nod, he resumed the instructions.

“The stick is that if you survive, you’ll work for the Fates, just like me. That makes you a target. I can pretty much promise that whatever job the Fates give you will be for the good of someone. Usually a lot of people. Your job will be to keep the balance, across both worlds and among the gods. It’s a lot. Which is why the Fates need help. If you don’t succeed, there may not be another qualifying candidate for a while. Every hole in their defenses leaves room for imbalance. That could lead to a lot of death. We’re talking about wars, plagues, and supernatural invasions. You get it.”

Dropping his hand, which showed no evidence of the apple, Matthew took a step back. He twisted, grabbing the staff, and pointing it at the cave entrance.

“This is not a zero-sum game. You can all work together or go separately. In the end, you could each end up with an assignment. However, and I cannot stress this enough, these trials are lethal. You can die here. If you want to opt out, once I’m done talking, you can just turn around and walk back through the wall. You will not receive this offer again.”

A wave of pressure lifted from the room, and Alexander felt his voice return. “You said it’s a dungeon, right? I assume that means fighting and running?” He looked down at his rumpled, faded suit and dress shoes.

Matthew drew his staff around and pointed. An empty wooden table sat near the wall, behind where the candidates stood. “If you choose to enter, each of you may request three reasonable items. They will appear there.”

“Any three items?” Miguel snarled, whipping around to glare at the table. “What if I wanted a tactical nuke to send you back to hell where you belong?”

“I said reasonable for a reason. And if you want to leave, feel free. Just walk into the wall.” If the man’s threatening tone affected Matthew at all, it didn’t show.

Akira shifted in place. The man was dressed in a pair of khaki slacks and tennis shoes. His white T-shirt was stained in patches. Looking from the dungeon entrance to the table, he asked, “Can I get money? Could I ask for cash, then just walk out?”

Matthew crossed to the table. When he held his hand out, a stack of bills appeared beneath his palm. “Here’s fifty thousand dollars. The catch is that you can’t take the wall exit. You want something from this table? Then you have to go through the dungeon to exit with it.”

“And once we go in, there’s no way to leave until we get five of those things?” Akira glanced at the scoreboard.

“Eh. Technically, you don’t actually have to make it to the very end. There are optional offramps. If you can get to one of those, you’ll be able to return home with the cash. I probably wouldn’t recommend doing anything involving a bank with the notes, though. While fae money looks very real, the serial numbers... not so much.”

Jared, who had been content to watch the exchange, walked over. He reached down and, with Matthew’s shrugging acceptance, ran his fingers across the bills. The man was dressed for exercise, in sweats. His shoes were well-worn and as dirty as Akira’s shirt. “And if we take one of these offramps, we’ll be free to go?”

“Any gift that the Fates give always has a price,” Matthew said. It sounded like an announcement and a warning.

A light bobbed up and down. “That’s one, Warden Matthew. One left.”

“Are you fuckers seriously considering this?” Miguel waved at Matthew, the table, and the cave in general. “We’ve obviously been kidnapped. This asshole is like the head of some twisted theme park, and you’re going to take a ride?”

Ignoring Miguel, Akira scooped up the money. “Warden, can I get a military kit?”

Matthew nodded, “Sure. What kind?”

“Infantry would be good. If you’re throwing in weapons, it would be great to get a spare magazine or two.”

“Sure.”

A backpack appeared on the table. Next to it was a folded set of clothes, boots, and a rifle. Two spare magazines lay on top.

“And that only counts for his second requisition?” Jared said, reaching out to run his fingers across the clothes. “It feels real. Heavy duty, too. Try the shoes on, Akira.”

Akira gave Jared an acknowledging look. Sitting down, tugged his shoes off and tried the boots out.

“It’s a kit. Kits count as one item,” Matthew said.

Alexander saw motion out of the corner of his eye an instant before Miguel darted for the table. The leanly muscular man snatched up the rifle and spun, eyes wide as he aimed for Matthew.

Reflex caught up before his brain did. Taking a short step, Alex slammed his arm into the barrel of the rifle, knocking it off course as the first rounds hit the cavern wall. Wrestling for control of the weapon, both men went to the floor.

Akira, one foot in a boot, scooted away. Jared joined him.

Standing in the middle of the cavern, completely nonplussed, Matthew watched the fight with detached interest.

Alex jammed his elbow into Miguel’s torso and used leverage to shove the rifle out of alignment. Miguel adjusted, preventing Alex from getting enough of a mechanical advantage to claim the weapon.

“Get off me,” Miguel snarled. “I’m going to shoot that guy.”

Rolling, Alex pinned the smaller man to the ground. He slammed his forehead into Miguel’s nose, shattering it to a bloody pulp. Miguel squirmed, hooking his legs around Alex’s waist, and yanking him down to create distance.

Alex saw the bloody mess of his opponent’s face and mentally winced. He knew precisely how that felt.

“You’re not going to shoot my brother.” Alex brought his elbow up and into his opponent’s neck. Applying pressure, he growled, “Let go or I’ll crush your damn throat.”

Instead of replying, Miguel found the trigger again. He shot once, directly into Alex’s thigh.

Bang!

Not only did bright, hot pain lance through his leg, but his ears started ringing from the close rapport. That fucker shot me, he thought. Part of his brain was doing the calculations, trying to assess the damage and how much time he had before he went into shock or bled out. It wasn’t his first time being shot, but it was the first time without armor and padding between him and the bullet.

With a growl, Alex brought his elbow back and down, slamming the strong bone into Miguel’s throat. He felt something crunch, then the man vanished.

Matthew said, “That’s one Combat pip for you, Alex. Good job.”

“Wait, what?” Alex was standing, his pain gone. His pants were missing an entire leg, and blood smeared from his upper thigh all the way down to his bare foot. Even the annoying buzz in his ears was gone.

“Contestants aren’t allowed to enter the dungeon injured. I told you all, this isn’t a zero-sum game. Attempts to murder other participants are a disqualifying event. Mr. Miguel won’t even remember what happened. He’ll wake up feeling like he did something important and continue with his life.”

Jared looked from Alex’s leg to the floor, which had a puddle of still-wet blood where he’d fallen, then swallowed. “If any of us didn’t think this was real before, that certainly paints a clear picture.”

Scooting back over, Akira collected the second boot. He tugged it on, pulling the laces tight and standing. After an experimental step, he said, “Perfect fit.” He looked from Jared to Alex. “I don’t know about you two, but I could use the money. I’ll take two stacks of cash and this gear and see how this goes. If you two want to work together with me, I wouldn’t mind that either.”

A second stack of money appeared next to the first. Opening the backpack, he pulled out the contents. There were folded bags of meal replacement kits and a flask of water, along with multiple pairs of socks, a combat knife, and other odds and ends. Putting the socks to the side, he stuffed the cash into the bag.

“Are we sure we’re doing this?” Jared asked. “We all agree magic is real, and this guy,” he waved an arm at Matthew, “is apparently that guy’s brother.” He jerked a thumb at Alex.

“Alexander.” Alex grumbled, since it seemed Jared had forgotten already.

“I just mean that I think it’s safe to say at this point that this trial or whatever? It’s legit.”

At the words, Matthew sighed in relief. “Thank goodness. Sometimes, the applicants take hours to agree that what I’m saying is real. It’s the most boring thing you can imagine.”

“Hold that thought, Jared.” Alexander crossed the room to his brother. “When you came home, you were different. Is this what happened to you?”

Matthew grimaced. “Not this. No. And don’t ask more. I couldn’t explain any of it even if I wanted to.”

“What if I join this little club of yours? Could you explain then?”

Looking uncomfortable, the Warden admitted. “I would be allowed to tell you, yeah. That’s not to say I’m trying to incentivize you into...”

“I’m going,” Alex said. Turning, he walked over to the table. “If I get to figure out what happened to my brother for damn near twelve years, it’s worth it. Besides, like he said, it’s not like I have a lot to lose.”

Jared pointed at the backpack. “If we’re all in, I’ll take one of those kits, too.”

A second backpack and wardrobe appeared next to the first.

“How long will we be down here?” Alex asked.

Matthew said, “The average trial takes a day or two. If you go exploring for side quests and bonuses, it could last for weeks, or even longer.”

Two balls of light bobbed over, hovering next to the Warden’s shoulders. “That almost counts as advice, Warden. Be careful of your words.”

It’s like those sprites, or fairies, or whatever, are keeping Mattie in line. Why? What’s actually going on with them?

The questions would have to wait until later. Instead, he said, “Does this dungeon have monsters, or inhabitants? One of the tests is social, and you told us we’re not obligated to interact. Does that mean we’ll have locals to talk with?”

Ding! Alex’s scorecard grew by one Intellect pip.

“Potentially,” Matthew said, dropping back to his lecturing voice. “The dungeon will test you in a variety of ways. You could encounter monsters, or creatures from the Fae Wilds. Some may aid you and some may try to trick you. If you favor one type of test over the others, you’ll find more of that along your path. The test isn’t about forcing you to do what you’re not good at.”

Jared lifted his new rifle, looking through the sights and getting a feel for the weight. “I don’t like it, but combat sounds simpler. I’ll lean into that. If monsters in here are what I think they are.”

“They probably are.”

“I’ll take a clip of grenades, and a stack of cash. If grenades are allowed, that is.”

“Grenades are.”

A woven cloth strip with six grenades appeared next to a stack of cash on the table.

Grinning, Jared said, “Between the guns and grenades, this should be easy. Especially if we’re getting a combat point each time we fight someone.”

Matthew watched, saying nothing. Alex studied his brother, reading his expression.

There’s more to this, he thought. There’s a deeper meaning. Or maybe different prizes. This isn’t as simple as it seems.

“I’d prefer to think my way through problems,” Akira said. “I’m fine shooting, too.” He rubbed his chin, studying the cave entrance. “This looks a little bit like the cave in Indiana Jones. Alex, would you ask him to give us a map?”

“Good idea,” Alex said, offering his fist. The two bumped, and Alex turned to his brother. “I’ll take a combat kit, a map, and whatever currency is valuable to the locals.”

A folded piece of parchment labeled “Fated Dungeon – Levels 1-3” appeared next to a leather pouch, and a third backpack and kit. When Alex picked the bag up to check inside, he found solid gold coins.

“Local currency? Why?” Jared asked.

Alex began changing into the new clothes. Years of military service had long since worn away any bashfulness he had. “Yeah. If we’re facing social challenges, money greases wheels. It just makes sense.”

“I get that. But what made you think of it?”

Halfway into tugging his boots on, Alex shrugged. “Believe it or not, I’m a Lawyer. It’s my job to think about what people want.”

Ding! Ding!

Alex and Akira both got Social pips.

“Now that your requests are fulfilled, my job is done.” Matthew gave his brother a long hard look. It wasn’t a glare, but it was full of meaning. “It’s likely none of you will see me again. Either you’ll head back to Earth, or you’ll die. I have one last piece of advice before you start. Assume everything you see, no matter how mundane or odd, is an opportunity. There’s a lot more to gain here than just cash, or even a Tablet.”

With that, the Warden and the globes of light hovering near him vanished.

Scoreboard Update

Alexander: Combat (1), Social (1), Intellect (1)

Akira: Combat (0), Social (1), Intellect (1)

Jared: Combat (0), Social (0), Intellect (0)

Inventory

Alex: Combat Kit – 4 Magazines of ammunition, 500 gold coins, floor map (1-3)

Akira: Combat Kit – 4 Magazines of ammunition, $100,000

Jared: Combat Kit – 4 Magazines of ammunition, $50,000, Grenades (6)

Chapter 1: The Quest

One Year Later

“Wake up. We’ve got a quest!”

Alex woke to the feeling of papers crumpling beneath his cheek. Sitting up, he reluctantly pried his eyes open and looked around. He was at his desk, inside his shoebox of an office. Hints of daylight streamed through the cracked blinds.

It was morning, maybe after ten.

“Check your tablet.” The deep voice called from the pack of cigarettes nestled in his breast pocket.

“It’s too early for that,” he complained.

Smolder snorted. “It’s after ten. Do I need to remind you we’re nearly broke? A quest could help!”

With a reluctant sigh, Alex said, “Fine. Whatever. I just hate this part.” Then he activated Veil Perception.

An electric thrill of power rolled out of his core and into his face. It felt like someone grabbed his eyelids and yanked them open.

Veil Perception: You can see through illusions, enchantments, and fae misdirection. Using this ability requires conscious activation and deactivation, but it has no maximum duration. Bonus: Your Tablet will remain invisible on Earth by default. Using this power will allow you to see and interact with it covertly. Warning: Use of this ability can be distracting.

Dungeon Upgrade: With 30 seconds of concentration, you may pierce the Veil and see into the Fae Wilds.

Colors exploded with pigment, making his relatively plain office seem like a kaleidoscope of distracting beauty. A spot of platinum-colored light pulsed in the air in front of him, just below eye level.

Reaching out, he made a pinching motion. The Tablet appeared, expanding into a screen that looked like a standard computer tablet by way of an aristocratic wizard hellbent on enforcing good penmanship. The swirling calligraphy on each letter was difficult to read, even after a year of being an Enforcer.

“I need to find a way to change the font on this thing,” he muttered, reading the screen.

At the top was a box with the word NOTIFICATION! Flashing on it. Below that was a simple menu.

·         View My Character Sheet

·         View My Notes

·         View Completed Quests

·         View Outstanding Quests

·         View Bounties

·         Local Area Map

·         View Local Area Accords and Agreements

·         Review Fate’s Laws

·         Other

He tapped the button for the notification and a sub-menu popped up, filling with text.

Notice: A student has gone missing from Patomic Academy. Directions and details about the school have been attached to this quest. Your mission is to locate the missing student. A team of Kitsune investigators has done an initial round of investigation for you and will be over shortly to provide a briefing. The text of their information has been attached to this quest. If you discover one of Fate’s Laws has been violated, your tabard will be made available.

Reward: [25%] of the remaining experience needed to reach level [3], with a potential bonus depending on difficulty.

Do you wish to accept? [Y]/[N]. Be aware that rejection of the quest may result in reassignment to a new region.

That was a big reward, especially for a simple hide and seek style quest. Focusing on the Tablet, he asked, “Why would the Fates be interested in a missing student?”

Query Reply: Mei Meng is considered one of the most promising witches of the last century. Furthermore, the Dean did not alert law enforcement when she missed multiple classes. The Fates have sensed an intersection of events that may require an Enforcer’s presence. If you discover problematic behavior, additional quests may be assigned.

He looked around his office. “Will I get access to the accounts for this one? I could use a stipend for my time.” The Fates, or their agents on Earth, maintained several legitimate accounts. Sometimes, they made funds available to their agents. That had happened all of once since he’d returned from the test in the Fate Dungeon.

Query Reply: No. This is currently classified as a Category Two event. Funds will be made available if it is upgraded to Category Four or above.

“Typical.” Sighing, he pressed the button to accept the quest. When he did, several additional tabs appeared, including:

·         Quest Management

·         Quest Details

·         Known Details about [Mei Meng]

·         Known Affiliates of [Mei Meng]

Ignoring the information for now, he came to his feet. As he stood, the tired office chair squeaked, its wheels carrying it backward until it collided softly with a nearby bookshelf. The shelves, laden with an array of legal tomes, shuddered from the impact, causing his framed Arizona bar certification to quiver and clink.

“I don’t suppose we got any paying work while I was napping?”

The pack of cigarettes wiggled against his chest. “Nothing worth mentioning.”

Alex grimaced and walked over to the little refrigerator beneath the window-mounted AC unit. He was nearly out of water, and the stack of same-day expiration sandwiches he’d gotten last week were looking a little off.

“Days like this make me wish I could accept bribes.” Unwrapping a sandwich, he took a bite and guzzled it down with water.

Smolder crawled out of his pocket. The charcoal black demon, which resembled a cross between a spider and the tip of a cigarette, complete with a pulsating red core, had two swirling furnaces for eyes.

Fixing their gaze on Alex’s face, the demon said, “If you release the second binding, I’d be glad to help with money.”

“I know,” Alex said, finishing the bottle off and tossing it into the overstuffed trash can. “You know how I feel about that. It’s one thing when it’s time to feed you. It’s another to be selfish.”

“Look, you know I only want what’s best for you, right?” Smolder’s intense gaze softened, as did their tone. “I’m just worried about you, buddy. You’ve got one best friend, and they are a pact demon. Maybe if you won’t accept my help, you’d consider going out a bit? Maybe if you met some real people, you’d make connections and get invited to events. You know, the kind of things that get lawyers paying jobs.”

Before Alex could reply, a knock came from his office door.

“Alex!” a pair of women’s voices called in near-harmony from the hallway. “We’ve come to give you the briefing.”

Smolder crawled back into the cigarette pack in his breast pocket as Alex crossed the floor and opened his door.

Two women stood in the hallway. Like all Kitsune, they looked practically identical, even if they weren’t biologically related.

Lana, the taller of the two, had chin-length black hair and an adorable, upturned nose. The athletic woman was wearing a uniform that might have passed as a police outfit in another country. Her button-up blue shirt strained a little as it contained her chest, reducing her breasts to a modest swell, and her pants showed off the delightful curve of her hips.

Veil Perception revealed the fox ears atop her head.

Her partner, Laura, had longer, slightly blue-tinted hair that curled and blended into the black of her maid’s outfit. The outfit was borderline scandalous–skintight, ornate, and frilly. It included a ruffle skirt that showed quite a bit of thigh. She, too, had the ears of a fox on her head. One of Laura’s tails peeked out beneath her skirt as she closed the door and gave him a peek of black lace before dipping out of view.

Without waiting for his permission, the two blew past him into his office.

“Let me guess,” he said, turning to watch his guests as Laura set down an actual, honest to gods, picnic basket on top of his desk, “you two got the assignment to investigate the missing student?”

“Yup!” Laura said brightly. She tidied a few papers out of the way before opening the basket’s lid where she pulled out several wrapped items, at least one of which appeared to be a submarine sandwich. Several bottles of water and a thermos followed.

Alex walked over, indicating the food. “What’s all this?”

Both women gave him an even look. “Remember the last job we worked together? Your stomach nearly gave us away during the stakeout.”

“Did not,” he said.

“Did too,” Smolder said, cackling with amusement.

Both kitsune glanced at Alex’s pocket, but neither replied to the demon’s announcement. They’d learned the hard way about engaging with the creature.

Grrrrwl

As if to accentuate the moment, Alex’s stomach choose that moment to growl. The girls burst out in laughter as he, with a mock-glare, grabbed the wrapped sandwich and took an experimental bite.

Provolone, pepperoni, and salami flavors sang in his mouth like the chorus of a joyful song. He had to bite back a moan of sheer delight as he went back for seconds.

Without waiting for permission, Laura walked to his refrigerator. Bending over at the waist, she began cleaning out the remaining food. “Alex, you didn’t eat any of this, did you? It’s expired.” She sounded scandalized.

Alex, who’d been torn between enjoying his food and glancing over to get a peek, just muttered. “It’s probably fine.” The statement lacked conviction, even to his ears. “Also, can we talk about why you’re dressed like that? And could you not flash me your ass? I’m trying to eat.”

“He noticed your ass,” Lana said brightly. “We’re wearing him down.”

Standing, Laura gave him a dangerous smile. There were dimples. “Oh, you know what they say about the kitsune. We just can’t help ourselves.” She crossed the room, collecting the rest of the packaged food from on top of his desk and carried it back to the fridge.

This time, she bent over even further.

Alex groaned. “That’s not an explanation. You’re fae law enforcement. What’re you doing wearing a maid outfit?”

Dropping some of the flirtation, Lana said, “Laura’s been stationed at the Golden Gate. She’s investigating some strange new arrivals. We think...”

“Nuh-uh-uh! None of that,” Laura said sharply. “You remember the last time we told him about one of our investigations? He just had to help. We all know how that ended up. I swear, I’m still finding bits of Jello in the worst places.” She gave Alex an equally sharp look. “Because someone refused to help me get it all out.”

“You kept asking me to use my tongue,” Alex protested around a fresh bite of sandwich. “I have a rule. I don’t sleep with law enforcement. It could cloud my judgment. Now, what’s this about new arrivals? Is it something you need an Enforcer for?”

Laura shook her head, sticking her tongue out at him.

Lana gave him an apologetic look. “Sorry, Alex. She’s right. We can’t keep getting you involved in fae affairs. We stopped by to give you a briefing about Mei Meng. The fairy said it would make sure you got the briefing, but you usually have questions.”

“Would you mind giving me the ten-thousand-foot overview? I haven’t had time to read anything,” he said, waving at the papers on his desk. Some of those were overdue bills. “You know. Working hard this morning.”

Both kitsune eyed his rumpled suit. For all their banter, the fae police were quite observant, and intelligent. They were also kind enough not to call him on the misdirection.