TITLE: Hex Kittens Book 1
AUTHOR: Adam Lance
SERIES: Hex Kittens (Book 1)
WORDS EXTRACTED: 6018
============================================================

Hex Kittens - Episode One

A Fateforged Supernatural Thirst Trap

Directed by Adam Lance

Authors’ Notes

Friends, this is going to be a fun experiment. We’ve taken three brilliant, spicy minds, and woven them together to create a series of bite-sized stories featuring the same characters but told through the distinct lenses.

Think of it like watching episodes of your favorite TV show – just with a rotating roster of directors.

What about LitRPG stuff?

In short: there won’t be any.

We reserve the right to use crossover characters, with fun cameos, but this time we’re going progression-lite and not LitRPG. It makes this easier to collab over.

Do we need to have read the other books in the Fateforged/Daltonverse?

Nope. Lore hounds will enjoy some fun Easter Eggs, that’s all. Read these independently if you want.

What about audio?

Expect live recordings on Discord, with monthly audio launches. Because we’re ambitious like that.

How do I participate and listen in?

Join the Pivot Press Discord. Ask for the “H-Lit” role. Enjoy a community of mixed men, women, and all-around awesome people. Link: https://discord.gg/GXn8csy2gg

Read Ahead and Support the Authors

All three authors will be hosting these books on their patreons. Support as you wish. If you’re extra spicy, support all three. Why not? We each release unique stuff besides this!

Adam’s Patreon is: https://www.patreon.com/adamlancewrites

Dalton’s Patreon is:

Neil’s Patreon is:

Prelude: Breathplay

Nick’s second life began with a troll who also happened to be a stripper.

Or maybe it was the other way around.

She could have been a stripper who transformed into a troll. With her clawed hands wrapped around his throat, choking the life out of him, he didn’t have the breath to ask.

“Pity,” the creature’s thick, wet lips hovered next to his ear, the cloying scent of perfume no longer covering the rancid reek of her true nature. “You were so very handsome.”

Pressed against the stone wall of a dark alley, lifted six inches off the ground, he reached for something, anything that would buy him a few more seconds. His left hand clawed at the woman’s spindly, thin arm, but it might as well have been going at cordwood. The sequins of her low-cut dress tore, revealing pale flesh. That, too, tore as he tried to pry her free.

Beneath human skin was inhuman gray tissue.

His other hand smacked against the bag slung low over his chest. Paramedic’s tools clanged against the street. There went the stethoscope, and the seatbelt shears.

Rattle. Rattle.

Was that his throat collapsing?

No. Not yet.

Fingers stretched to their limit, he felt something round. A pen. Thumb splashing against the button, he flailed it up, jammed it into the woman’s bright blue eye.

“Gah! You turd burglar.” She leaned back, stranglehold easing enough for him to take a breath. “Do you have any idea what I have to do to regenerate an entire human eye? Just for that, I’m going to…”

While she’d been talking, Nick went back for seconds. Years of experience told him where everything he’d needed should be. Most of his kit wasn’t suited for fending off monsters, but he wouldn’t say no to a trusty scalpel.

Metal gleamed, reflecting off the dim LED lights of a distant bar. The sounds of men and women laughing and cursing over tonight’s big fight were loud, even here. No one would come. No one would hear. If he was going to get through this alive, it was on him.

He jammed the blade into the woman’s cheek hard enough to bend the thin metal.

“What the crap,” she protested, taking another step back to grope for the weapon. Dangling from clawed fingers, Nick brought a knee up into the woman’s oversized chest. Two enormous breasts, liver spotted with age and bolted so high they nearly brushed her chin, undulated wildly as he pushed himself free.

He could have sworn a new voice rose from his attacker’s prodigious rack. It sounded like someone saying, “Who does this asshole think he is? A Warden? Tilde, kill him and let’s get back to it. You need to feed, and we’re bored already.”

Landing hard, Nick struggled to make sense of anything. The call should have been routine: a stripper having a heart attack in an alley. Dispatch had made it sound like she was already dead, and that the cops would be there any minute.

There’d been no cops. And the stripper hadn’t been dead.

He looked around, seeing no easy avenue of escape. The alley was a dead end, the wall behind him stretching higher than he could jump. She loomed between him and the now closed door to the bar.  Taller than she had any right to be, arms insect-like and long, her body had stretched and morphed during their fight. Her makeup-smeared face, clownish beneath a cheap blonde wig, was a thing of horror.

And then there were her tits. Her enormous, wobbling tits.

Fumbling at his side, he opened the heavy medical bag. Emergency equipment peeked out. He’d come prepared to treat a specific condition. There was an oxygen tank, bottles of aspirin and nitroglycerine, an IV start kit, and…

“I’m going to eat your liver first,” she snarled, yanking the bent knife free and leering at him with her remaining eye. The other was bleeding milky goo, the interior yellow rather than blue. Raw, malevolent hate smoldered behind both as she smacked her lips. “Nice of you to come. Uber Eats doesn’t deliver to trolls, you know.”

She laughed.

Her boobs laughed.

Nick, having finally found something that might be useful, barked his own desperate laugh. Then, with a flick to activate it, he surged to his feet and extended the paddles to the portable defibrillator.

In the slow-motion clarity of combat, he heard her boobs shriek. “No! Don’t let him! We don’t do electricity!”

Tilde brought an arm down to cover herself, shielding one tit and trying to push Nick’s haphazard assault away. A paddle smacked into her forearm. The other hit her second, unprotected breast. He pressed the handle controls, triggering the device.

Thwoom!

Her arm blackened, papery tissue flaking away as her fingers spasmed. The struck breast exploded in a shrieking, goo-filled mess as if he’d planted a mortar in her chest. Twitching, cloying discharge, shot from the wound, covering his face and hands. Tilde flew backwards, half of her upper torso simply gone.

His head must have struck a wall, as the next thing he saw was the charred bits of troll on the ground, clawing her way toward him. With whatever flesh mask she’d worn blown to bits, the creature beneath was a true horror to behold: sunken cheeks and oversized teeth fit a face more like a gargoyle than a human. A bit of her lips, still bright red, dangled from a strap of tissue that slid across the ground as she clawed her way to him. The explosion must have broken her back, as the creature’s lower body was twisted at an awkward angle, her feet immobile.

“Do…do you have any idea what you’ve done?” she panted, voice deep and bestial. “Silicone slimes aren’t cheap. After I kill you, I’m going to have to sell this ass for months to get the pair back.”

Her other breast, still intact, wailed. “Antonio! You let him take Antonio from me. What kind of troll are you to let such a thing happen? I told you. Stay out of Atlanta. Did you listen? No. You didn’t. And now we’ve lost the better half of me. How will we give proper titjobs now, Tilde? Tell me. HOW DO YOU GIVE A TITTY JOB WITH ONE BOOB TILDE? TELL ME!”

The wailing cry was enough to bring Nick back to himself. Shaking his head to clear the cobwebs, he took a few steps back from the gruesome sight. Seeing that he was out of the most immediate danger, he let his worst instincts get the better of him: he talked.

“Look, lady, or troll, or whatever you are. I’d appreciate it a lot if you’d stop crawling around. You’re way too hurt for this.” He scoured the area, hoping that someone would have heard the explosion and come looking.

A bit of glowing blue light at the far end of the alley pulsed, briefly drawing his attention before Tilde spoke again. “You should let me kill you. Now that you’ve seen me, they won’t let you live.”

The threat, delivered so casually, finally did what the throat choking hadn’t. Nick got angry. “You know what? Screw that. And screw you.” Lacking other weapons, he took a quick step closer and drove his boot into one clawed hand. Then he kicked her face.

She caught his foot in her mouth. Teeth as sharp as knives cut through the top, slicing thin furrows into his foot before he yanked it away.

“Hmmm, tastes like dead hero to me,” she said, long tongue lapping at thin lips.

Not for the first time, Nick wished he was allowed to carry personal protection on field calls. He took a step away, back brushing the wall, then leaped. Moving with deceptive, lightning speed, she drove her claws into his thigh as he cleared her upper torso and landed on top of her lower back.

No. Not her lower back. Her ass.

That, at least, wasn’t talkative. It was, however, hard and flat.

With a grunt of pain to join the rage, Nick dodged another awkward swipe, then went for his bag, grabbing the portable oxygen tank. Holding the thick steel with one hand, he turned and struck at the crawling creature.

She’d twisted, drawing her body around to face him. Doing so had done what the defibrillator explosion had not: her second boob was gone. A mound of gelatinous material, entirely clear and vaguely teardrop shaped, wobbled on the ground nearby. It rolled to one side, away from the combat, as oily colors moved through the thing.

“This is going to make the fits even worse, Tilde. I’m telling you. First, you move us to this hellhole. Second, you make a deal with that stupid demon. Seriously. Self-aware silicone slimes? Who does that? And now? Now, you’ve let some mortal kill Antonio. How can we continue like this? How can you expect perfection, when you’re so very bad at everything!?”

“Shut up!” Tilde snarled as Nick lunged.

Stepping on her hand, he bent down, hammering the creature’s skull with the tank. Once. Twice. She grunted with each blow, flailing around, her free arm bending in impossible ways. Finally, a claw punctured the barrel.

Pressurized oxygen burst from the hole with explosive force. The metal cylinder ruptured, sending shrapnel into the monster’s face and upper body. It struck Nick in the chest, sending him stumbling, then falling.

Awful pain joined the cuts and his aching throat. Things went fuzzy, his vision pulsing in time with his heart.

Then, a stranger’s voice. Amused, feminine, and vaguely…French? “Ah. What have we here? A promising recruit, perhaps? Or maybe two. Tell me, little slime, do you wish to be destroyed, or should we consider you for a more enlightened purpose?”

The reply was a flat, “Miss Anastasia, if you had any idea what that troll has been making me do…” A deep sigh. “Sure. I’ll switch sides. As long as you promise no more titjobs.”

“I think we can arrange that.”

Chapter 1: Twi…What?

Three Years Later

“Nick, you’re going to get another speeding ticket if you keep this up.” Salma’s sounded reasonable today, vaguely Zen, even.

“Just making distance, Sel.”

“If the locals figured out it was you who blew up their water treatment plant, you’d already be arrested.”

Foot tapping the accelerator around a curve, V8 Dodge Charger growling like thunder as he took it going eighty-five. “You took care of the video. I handled the shui gui. No problem.” He pronounced shui gui like a Chinese native, mouth forming words he hadn’t known three years earlier.

“Then why are we going so fast?”

High beams clawing through the darkness, Nick risked a glance away from the highway. Salma undulated next to him, the magical silicone slime rippling as she spoke. “A man likes to go fast. Slow is boring. Besides, we don’t have our next assignment yet. Let me live a little.”

She sniffed, dropping the topic as he sped past a sign marking the road’s speed limit: 55 Miles Per Hour.

Leaning to the central console, he pushed aside an unopened pack of cigarettes to grab a piece of gum. Popping a fresh stick between his teeth, he observed, “You’re sounding awfully logical. New phase?”

One of the slime’s many quirks included a mercurial personality. That’s what happens when a demon shoves a ton of supernatural and mundane knowledge into a boob, apparently.

“New moon. New Salma.” Her cryptic reply fell short as a song cut through the hum of the engine.

All Star by Smash Mouth shouted from his phone, the volume maxed out as it cut straight to the chorus. “Hey now, you’re a…”

Fishing the old Nokia out of the central console one-handed, Nick jammed his thumb into the speaker button. “Anastasia, I literally just got off a job. Can’t I have a day to myself?”

The woman’s smoky French retort was vaguely amused. “You’re assigned a sector. Get it clean enough to earn the holiday, and you take as much time as you want. It’s that simple. This was all in the contract.”

“It was thirty pages long, and I was hung over.”

“Not my problem. Anyway, we’ve got an odd one. Are you ready?”

He smacked into his gum loudly, deliberately trying to annoy the priestess. Just because it hadn’t worked before didn’t mean it wouldn’t now. “Sure. As long as it pays well. Damn near drowned in the last one. Five grand was not worth swallowing half the pool.”

“This one is three…” She began, then laughed when he cursed, and went on, “per head. You’ve got a proper outbreak.”

Now there was something worth getting excited over. “What are we talking about? More sky goblins from the broken tower? The troll mafia peddling crisp again, maybe?” Not that he wanted to fight trolls males. Those guys could be proper deadly.

“Worse. It looks like vampires. The sparkling kind.”

Salma perked up. Literally. The sensory nodule atop her almost-shaped ‘head’ hardened with interest. “Oh! Myera Sanguivora. I’ve read all about them.”

Hands tightening on the wheel, Nick shook his head, but the slime went on. “In the annals of the Librium Dessolatus, there are entire shelves devoted to vampires. Sparkly ones are almost always this subspecies…”

She went on, ranting about details with all the precision of a modern Wikipedia entry.

Letting it shower over him like a filthy, putrid rain, Nick blurted, “No. Not just no, but hell no. You know I hate vampires, and I especially don’t do that kind. Bring in someone else. Anyone. You know what? Screw it. Call in a Warden. Let them nuke the entire town. I’m not doing it.”

Ignoring his diatribe, Anastasia said, “Multiple people are missing. We’ve had seven leaks online. Our locals have been cleaning what they can, calling the rest AI. It’s been quite successful, of course. Still, we can’t risk an outbreak. We need you there. Now.”

With a sigh, Nick slumped. These discussions always ended one way. “Fine. Give me the details.”

“That’s the spirit. And I have good news. You’re not far. It’s…”

* * *

A cone of bright LED light shone across the abandoned classroom. Textbooks and toppled desks littered the floor, contrasting the crude graffiti spraying the walls. There was no sign of anyone, including squatters.

Free hand tight around the base of a titanium-reinforced wooden stake, Nick resumed his search.

“This high school closed eight years ago, due to funding cuts,” Salma said from his shoulder. She perched there; liquid essence molded in place like a fungus made of syrup and pulsed gently as she narrated. “Interestingly, the local college has a rather well-known football team. They travel, and host games regularly. It brings in millions. You’d think they would refurbish this place, wouldn’t you?”

“No politics,” he muttered, turning down a classroom-flanked hallway.

“Since when is education political? Humans are so strange.”

An intact mirror flashed his reflection. He didn’t take the time to inspect himself. That was the sort of crap that happened in bad romance novels. Besides, he knew what he’d see: a tall man, over six foot three, with all the weathering that came from over thirty years of a life hard lived. He’d donned his tactical trench coat, which included an armored interior, and heavy combat boots.

He still didn’t carry a gun, although that was less about restrictions and more about lack of time to get a new one. A werewolf had bitten through the muzzle of his favorite shotgun three missions ago.

Clatter. Clatter.

Footsteps, lightning fast, came from somewhere ahead. A young woman’s voice, lifted in anger. “Get back here, you undead creep!”

“Nick, there’s a civilian in here,” Salma observed.

Leaning into a run, Nick’s reply was a snorted, “No crap. Disguise yourself.”

The slime pulsed, consuming a tiny bit of her mana. Eldritch runes, platinum and red, glowed within the gelatinous droplet as she melded into his coat. By the time Combat Merger had done its work, Nick was rounding a corner.

Where he found himself face-to-face with a sparkler.

The guy was blond, with bright blue eyes and an incubus mouth. Too-red lips folded into a frown as he came to a halt inches from Nick’s chest.

“Why are you dressed like that?” Nick asked reflexively.

“Huh?” As usual, Nick’s mid-combat banter proved to have an almost magical befuddling ability. The vampire looked down at his college letter jacket, t-shirt, and denim pants. “It’s what everyone over here wears. Hey. Wait. How do you speak…Glurk!”

With practiced timing, Nick adjusted his footing and drove a knee into the sparkler’s abdomen. Instead of striking stone, as he expected from Salma’s description of the thing, the impact was more like tough leather. He had no doubt the ‘vampire’ was supernatural, just from that contact, but it definitely didn’t feel like one.

No big deal. A job was a job.

He slammed the stake into the monster’s upper chest. Weeks of practice and practical applications gave him mechanical advantage. Plus, it helped that he was also strong as hell.

Slurk!

The stake slid home as the pretty boy’s mouth worked, opened and closed once, then began to melt. Glittering skin darkened to gray-green as his features turned doughy.

“You’re not a vampire,” Nick said, shocked. “You’re a…”

Thud-thud-thud!

CRASH!

Chapter 2: Chosen One, Again?

A second creature rounded a corner at the far end of the hallway. Sprinting at supernatural speeds, the thing was spending more time looking back than ahead, clearly fleeing from something. By the time it realized Nick and its dead fellow were directly in its path, the distance between them had already closed to nothing.

Their collision was roughly equal to a slow-moving car crash. Lacking the reflexes of a Tablet Wielder, much less a magically amped up monster, Nick barely managed to tuck his head and grab hold of the thing as they went rolling down the hall together.

His trench coat absorbed some of the punishment, and the creature's body cushioned a fair bit more. The rest of the impact was all him, bruising ribs and rattling teeth.

CRUNCH!

They slammed into a wall at the end of the corridor, the fleeing monster taking the brunt of it against the concrete.

The creature hissed and spat as it fought to regain its feet, claws scraping against the linoleum.

Through the blur of motion, Nick caught a solid glimpse of his new opponent. Dark hair cut short, pretty in a pale emo goth way that probably killed on dating apps. She was dressed in a cheerleader outfit, and the hem of her skirt was so damn short he caught a flash of bright pink panties as she brought her knee up toward his groin.

Unwilling to lose his balls to a monster in a hallway, he twisted hard, taking the heavy blow on his outer thigh instead. It still hurt like hell, but at least he'd be walking away with his anatomy intact.

"Let that man go!" The woman's voice from earlier echoed down the corridor. She was projecting now, the normally high pitch of her voice dropped half an octave to add weight to the command.

Under other circumstances, Nick might have been impressed by the authoritative delivery. As it was, he was too busy fending off raking claws to appreciate the performance.

The cheerleader creature wasn't the fastest thing he'd fought in his career. She also lacked the martial skill of a properly trained fighter, telegraphing her strikes with obvious wind-ups. Neither of those facts made her any less deadly when those claws connected. Shifting from one defensive stance to another, he brought his forearms and elbows into the melee, accepting shallow slices across his left forearm as the price for protecting his face and throat.

She threw a wide haymaker that he saw coming from a mile away, and he adjusted his footing, stepping inside her guard to throw an elbow directly on top of her skull. The short creature grunted from the impact, then screamed as he used his momentum to shove her backwards and drive the stake through her chest in one smooth motion.

"They aren't vampires," the woman called out as she raced closer, her footsteps echoing in the empty hall.

"A stake through the heart worked just fine on the other one," he retorted, locking eyes with the blue-eyed creature as her body melted into the same green dough he'd seen before. Whatever these things were, they died the same way.

Panting from the exertion and the sting of fresh wounds, Nick straightened up and turned to face the newcomer properly for the first time.

She was blonde, stuck in that magical age range between nineteen and twenty-four where good genes and better makeup made the specific number impossible to guess. Her body was anything but girlish, however. Taut muscle was evident in the flash of her thighs and forearms as she moved, and the loose flap of her top revealed a stomach that was about a meal away from being a full-on four pack.

Oh, and she was also wearing a cheerleader uniform. Hers was red and pink, which made for a nice contrast against the dead creature's blue and white ensemble currently dissolving on the floor.

"What is with the outfits?" Nick asked, waving first at the steaming corpse and then at the blonde standing before him. At least this new girl's wardrobe wasn't quite so revealing. Her skirt actually reached halfway down her thighs, which was practically modest compared to the other one's hentai-tier situation.

Coming to a halt a few feet away, the blonde swept her gaze around the corridor before settling it back on him. Her narrowed eyes and ready posture told him plenty about who he was dealing with. This was a trained fighter standing in front of him, not some innocent schoolgirl who'd wandered into the wrong building.

"Listen," she said, her voice clipped and urgent, "I don't have time to explain any of this. Whoever you are, whatever you think you're doing here, you need to leave right now."

"Uh. No."

She frowned and looked up at him, clearly not used to being refused. For all her physical presence and obvious capability, she was only five-four at best, forcing her to crane her neck to meet his eyes. "None of this is going to make sense, mister. But you have to trust me. I'm the Chosen One. I've been training for years to fight these things. If you don't leave right now, I can't promise your safety."

Nick snorted at the familiar title. "Ah, fuck me. Another chosen one. How many is that this month?"

"Three," Salma said from within his clothes, her voice muffled but amused.

The blonde frowned in obvious confusion at the disembodied response, but Nick was already lifting his stake and pressing forward with the conversation. "You just watched me kill two of these things and you're still assuming I'm a civilian? Come off it, Buffy. Tell me your name and what you know. We can do this together."

"Uh. Excuse me?" She took a step back and held her hand up in the universal sign for stop talking and let me process this. Her nails had been professionally done, he noticed, with frosted tips that featured tiny designs he couldn't quite make out in the dim light. "For one, I'm the Chosen One. For another, I work alone. Monsters chew through humans like tissue paper. I'm not going to be responsible for more deaths, no matter how proficient you are with your wood."

Salma snickered from inside his coat.

Someone else, presumably a lurking creature deeper in the building, also snickered.

Then came the spell.

Magic pulsed from down one of the branching hallways, the energy as dense and cloying as raw honey in the air. An instant later, a swarm of meter-tall insects came boiling into view around the corner, their chitinous bodies gleaming under the emergency lighting.

With a heavy sigh of resignation, Nick slid the stake into a loop on the interior of his trench coat and reached for his backup weapons. Gloves with metal-laced knuckles replaced the wooden implement as he muttered, "Snarchers. Why is it always snarchers?"

"Say what?" the girl asked, but she was already too late with the question.

The snarchers were upon them.

Chapter 3: Gratuitous Panty Shots

Snarchers moved like cockroaches on steroids. Their segmented bodies, each about the size of a border collie, scuttled across walls and ceiling with equal ease. Mandibles clicked in a rapid staccato that echoed through the abandoned hallway, the sound somewhere between a Geiger counter and a death rattle.

Nick had fought them many times before. It was never fun.

"Stay behind me," he said, settling into a boxer's stance. "They're blind. Sound and magic. Don't talk, don't run, and for the love of God, don't scream."

The blonde opened her mouth to argue.

Too late.

The first snarcher launched itself from the ceiling, and Nick met it with a rising elbow that cracked through its thorax. The thing burst like a shaken soda can, spraying fizzing ichor across his coat as it died with a wet hiss.

Veil magic, the ambient stuff that protected the mortal realm, kicked in. The remains immediately began to liquefy and evaporate. Soon enough, there’d be no evidence the monster had ever existed.

But Nick had no time to analyze the situation.

Two more came from the left. He pivoted, driving a heel into one and catching the other with a backfist that sent it spinning into the lockers. Both popped, adding to the growing puddle of carbonated monster juice on the linoleum.

Hssssssss. Fizzzzzz.

The sounds of their deaths only drew more. A dozen shapes skittered into view at the far end of the hall, their blind heads swiveling toward the noise.

Panting, fatigued from the fight with the water monster earlier that night, he was already winded. That wasn’t good. The last thing he wanted to do was draw on his mana. In his peripheral vision, he saw the blonde crouching. Good. Maybe she could follow instructions after all.

The swarm paused, mandibles twitching as they searched for prey. For a long moment, nothing moved.

Then a glittery shape ran across the hall, making a direct line for the exit. “You won’t escape me!” the girl called, darting forward. The motion was all it took to lure the snarchers in. One got ahead of the others, crossing the distance in a blur of speed.

She spun into a picture-perfect roundhouse kick, smashing the thing into paste. Her battle cry, loud even above the fizz of dying monster, did what the impact hadn’t: it drew more of the summoned monsters their way.

Nick grumbled, “Why does it always go the worst possible way?”

The swarm hit like a wave. Nick grabbed for the blonde, trying to pull her behind him, but she was still trying to run after the fleeing vampire-thing. Her commitment cost her, as three converging bugs intercepted her in mid-sprint. She jumped at the last moment, not taking into account the monsters on the ceiling and walls. Cutting legs sliced through the air as she cried in pain.

Fabric tore.

Darting forward, Nick caught her around the waist and yanked her away from the swarm, accepting claws and mandibles against his protected back as the cost for protecting her. Armored lining earned its price as the creatures skittered across his back, unable to find purchase.

The blonde struggled against his hold. “Let. Me. Go.”

He did.

She spun out, around his bulk in time to take the full brunt of two enormous bugs. They bore her down, slicing through the pleated skirt. Bright pink panties, complete with a little white bow, flashed into view as Nick realized something important: the girl was tough.

For all she lacked the mass and strength to manhandle the monsters, their claws barely drew thin red lines across her resilient flesh.

Relieved that he wouldn’t need to babysit, he flung himself at the snarchers threatening to engulf them. Heavy stomps and armored fists claimed one pest’s life after another. The girl joined in with all the determination of a prize fighter. Despite being half naked and wearing only sneakers, she kicked and punched, using far more technique than he to deal killing blows. She even got ahead of him, her pert rear damn near all he could see in the dimness of the hallway.

“Are those…cats on your ass?” he asked. Indeed, it looked like the outlines of little, playing cats were on the girl’s cheeks.

“Focus on what matters,” she replied. “Ass discussions after we survive.”

“Oh, so there will be ass discussions?”

His quip earned him a quick flashing smirk.

Then their banter died as a wave of fresh monsters came skittering from the direction of the retreating vampire. It had summoned more.

Nick considered their options. No doubt the vampire-thing was gone, having used its magic to delay them long enough to escape. They were in a tactically dangerous situation. Although the girl looked hale, a diagonal slash across her torso (one that left only her sports bra intact), revealed a long, angry-looking scratch.

The girl was tough, but not invulnerable.

And he still didn’t want to use any of his mana.

She was looking over at him, bright eyes contemplating. “If they are summoned, their magic won’t last forever. I vote we duck into a hidey hole and let them wear themselves out. What do you think?”

If there was one thing Nick had learned during his training, it was that survival was far preferrable to becoming dead. “Let’s go.”

They ran.

Their flight only attracted the monsters. Disoriented, the duo ran down one corridor, then another, all while the sounds of their pursuers grew louder. Ducking around a corner, Nick grabbed the girl’s wrist and pulled her through a doorway into an old classroom. Desks lay scattered like tombstones. A chalkboard still bore the ghost of some long-forgotten math equation.

"In here." He spotted a door at the back. Storage closet, maybe. It would have to do.

She didn't argue.

Yanking open the closet door revealed a tiny office space. There was technical equipment; a broken projector and shelves of moldering books. It was just enough space for two people, assuming they didn’t mind getting very friendly.

The girl didn’t hesitate. She dove inside and pulled him with her.

Nick squeezed in with effort, barely managing to pull the door closed before the clicking sound of feet came rushing in. The darkness was absolute. He could feel her breathing against his chest, rapid and shallow.

“No sound,” he whispered, all-too aware of the sensation of her proximity. Her hands were beneath his coat, against his chest. With each of her breaths, he felt her breasts drag across his chest.

It was an awful time to get hard.

“Oh?” she said, adjusting her hips. He doubted she’d intentionally dragged the front of her mound against his cock. She was probably just trying to get stabbed.

But the effect made thinking about snarchers much more difficult.

Outside, snarcher legs clicked across the classroom floor. The creatures hissed and fizzled as they searched, blind heads sweeping back and forth. Nick could hear them knocking over desks, probing with their mandibles.

"Here." Moving carefully, he drew up the sides of his trench coat. Patterns woven in the interior glowed faintly as he wrapped it around her shoulders. The faint light allowed him to see the barest hint of her thoughtful, surprised expression, before she wordlessly leaned even closer, accepting the offer.

He draped the coat around her shoulders and wrapped his arms around her. She felt solid against him. Solid and soft, her breaths tickling his neck and reminding him how long it had been since he’d been intimate with anyone.

They held each other like that for several long, agonizing moments. Then a wave of magic pulsed through the air and the clicking stopped.

“They’re gone,” he said, exhaling and almost reluctantly opening the door.

She squeezed out first, although not without accidentally dragging her forearm across his rock-hard erection. Lit by dim moonlight, he caught a hint of a smile as she tugged on his arm. “C’mon. The monster’s gone. That means we need to talk.”

“Sure. I’m Nick.”

“Tiffany Cross,” she replied. “And you…you’re with the Order, right?”

Chapter 4: Jinkies!

"The Order? What Order?"

Tiffany, using more caution than he probably would have, peered around a doorframe to check the hall. A spear of moonlight caught across her ribs at the precise moment to highlight a generous amount of underboob her damaged sports bra no longer contained.

Turning back, she gave him a lopsided smile. “Thrill seeker, eh?”

“I was a paramedic before this.”

“Ah.” That softened her expression, making it seem more genuine. “And I’m talking about the Order of the Vigilant Dawn." She said it like the words meant something. Capital letters and everything. When he didn’t immediately reply, she went on. "It’s an ancient society of monster hunters. My mentor, Gerald, was one of them. He found me when I was fourteen. Said I was born with gifts. Special abilities that made me uniquely suited to fight the darkness."

Pushing next to the girl, he checked the hallway. Seeing it was clear and having no inclination to exchange infodumps while they were trespassing illegally, he motioned for her to walk and talk. She hurried next to him, confident steps clearing terrain effortlessly despite their difference in sizes.

It didn’t take years of training to recognize someone who was exceptionally well trained, on top of being physically gifted.

He said, "And this Gerald guy. He teach you everything you know?"

"He taught me everything anyone knows. The Order has been fighting supernatural threats for centuries. They're the only ones who understand what's really out there."

They reached an emergency exit. Nick tested the push bar slowly, checking for noise. The door swung open onto a loading dock behind the school. No snarchers. No fake vampires. Just empty pavement and the distant hum of highway traffic.

Tiffany stepped out beside him, arms crossed over her chest. The night air was cool, and she was still mostly exposed. The scratch from her collarbone to her navel had already faded to a faint pink line, suggesting supernatural healing.

He was almost jealous.

"So," she said, "are you going to tell me who you are, or should I just call you Tall, Dark, and Stabby?"