TITLE: Hex Kittens Book 2
AUTHOR: Adam Lance
SERIES: Hex Kittens (Book 2)
WORDS EXTRACTED: 6013
============================================================

Hex Kittens - Episode Two

A Fateforged Supernatural Thirst Trap

Directed by Neil Bimbeau

Authors’ Notes

Friends, this is going to be a fun experiment. We’ve taken three brilliant, spicy minds, and woven them together to create a series of bite-sized stories featuring the same characters but told through the distinct lenses.

Think of it like watching episodes of your favorite TV show – just with a rotating roster of directors.

What about LitRPG stuff?

In short: there won’t be any.

We reserve the right to use crossover characters, with fun cameos, but this time we’re going progression-lite and not LitRPG. It makes this easier to collab over.

Do we need to have read the other books in the Fateforged/Daltonverse?

Nope. Lore hounds will enjoy some fun Easter Eggs, that’s all. Read these independently if you want.

What about audio?

Expect live recordings on Discord, with monthly audio launches. Because we’re ambitious like that.

How do I participate and listen in?

Join the Pivot Press Discord. Ask for the “H-Lit” role. Enjoy a community of mixed men, women, and all-around awesome people. Link: https://discord.gg/GXn8csy2gg

Read Ahead and Support the Authors

All three authors will be hosting these books on their patreons. Support as you wish. If you’re extra spicy, support all three. Why not? We each release unique stuff besides this!

Adam’s Patreon is: https://www.patreon.com/adamlancewrites

Dalton’s Patreon is: https://www.patreon.com/cw/michaeldalton

Neil’s Patreon is: http://www.patreon.com/authorneilbimbeau

Chapter One: Take Me Home, Country Roads

"This soundtrack is not right," Nick protested. "You've got to have something more appropriate for a drive like this."

The Hellcat's V8 let out a roar of triumph as it reached the top of another switchback, the road tilting in ways that made Nick glad he'd opted for the extra-large Slurpee instead of the extra-extra-large at the last rest stop. The Appalachian mountains rose on either side of the highway, covered in a thick carpet of forest and punctuated with drops both sheer and close enough to the road to make a lesser man's pulse skip a beat. For hours, they'd been driving through the kind of vistas that made for beautiful photographs and absolutely nerve-wracking navigation.

"What's wrong with my tunes?" Tiffany said from the passenger seat, glancing up from her phone. A cord connected it to the charging port, and a little icon showed it connected to the car's Bluetooth.

"I just need some energy," Nick said. "Lana's cover of Country Roads isn't the same as the John Denver original, you know?" He risked a glance out the driver's side window. Yep, that was a thousand foot drop, about two feet away from his side of the road. "I hate the mountains."

"You love mountains," Tiffany said. "You told me last night how excited you were to scale some peaks. Or my peaks. I forget."

"That's before I had to drive up and down seventeen thousand of them."

Tiffany scoffed. "It's been like six."

"Well, it feels like seventeen thousand."

Between the pair, Salma jiggled along with the motion of the car. The slime familiar lay across the armrest, her body catching the afternoon sunlight like a prism and bathing the ceiling of the vehicle in rainbow hues. Every bump in the road, every turn taken a little too sharply, every swerve away from a deer or what Nick thought was a deer sent ripples through her undulating form.

Salma rode like this plenty of times. But she'd never been so enthusiastic about it.

"Ohhh," the breast moaned as the Hellcat made contact with the rumble strip on the inner turn of the next switchback. "Do it again! Do it again!"

Nick shot her a look. "What the hell is wrong with you?"

The familiar shivered. "Nothing's wrong," she purred in a tone that made him think of ASMR videos from certain corners of the internet. "Everything's right. New moon, new me! Ngggh, did the motor mount slip out of alignment back in St. Louis or am I just loving the way this beast vibrates whenever you hit the gas?"

Nick rolled his eyes. In the two weeks since he'd hit the road with Tiffany, turning his sole proprietorship into a joint venture, Salma's emotional state had stayed remarkably stable. She'd been Blanche when he went to bed last night with Tiffany in his arms, snoozing after the two of them burned off all their excess energy in their latest motel room.

This morning, she woke up different.

The slime quivered, her sensory nodule perking up like an eager puppy. "Come on, do that thing again with the rumble! Do you have any idea what it's like to finally have proper tactile sensation again after months of frustration? And no, being carried in your coat does not count!"

"I know what it's like to break a dry spell," Tiffany chuckled, taking Nick's hand. "Once someone starts hitting that special spot, you don't ever want them to stop. I sympathize, Salma."

The slime jiggled as if to say, see? "I knew I liked you for a reason! Besides, you two were plenty loud last night! And the night before that, and in the bathroom of the Waffle House before that…"

"That's enough," Nick said through gritted teeth. "Trying to drive."

"You're so repressed," Salma purred. "It's really adorable."

He glanced away from the road, nearly sliding out of lane. "Repressed!? You think I'm repressed!?"

"Tiffany's offered you road head like four times now and you keep saying no."

"Look at the road!" Nick jerked a thumb at the windshield. "It's not that I don't want to get my dick sucked. If I cum right now, all of us are going to die!"

"See? Repressed."

Tiffany snorted, returning her attention to her phone. "For the record, I'm still offering. The risk's part of the fun."

Nick's hands tightened on the steering wheel. He did not need to be thinking about Tiffany's mouth right now. Not while he was navigating a mountain road that looked like it had been designed by a council of engineers with a seething hatred for motorists. One lapse in concentration and they'd be crashing through the guardrail, sailing down the mountain like the end of Thelma and Louise.

He'd come, and then they'd go.

And while he was too much of a gentleman to say it out loud, he really wanted to try that whole 'building a harem' thing Salma and Tiffany kept joking about before he shuffled off the old mortal coil.

"Maybe when we find level ground again," he said. "If there is any in this state."

"Your loss," Tiffany teased. "I was gonna do that thing you like with my tongue."

Salma jiggled with renewed vigor. "Thing? What thing? Is it the swirly thing, or are you talking about when you…"

"Salma!" Nick warned.

"What? A girl can't listen to the two of you going at it like rabbits every night for two weeks without getting a little bit curious about which tabs are going into which slots." She shivered. "Besides, a little dirty talk will make these vibrations feel sooo much better…"

"Can you even have an orgasm?" Nick asked.

Salma groaned. "I'm gonna find out!"

"You go, girl," Tiffany chuckled. "Let her use the armrest like a Jack Rabbit if she wants, Nick. A sentient talking boob deserves just as much R&R as the human members of the crew."

Nick merged onto another stretch of highway, still not level enough to risk taking Tiffany up on her offer, and glanced at the GPS on his dashboard-mounted phone. According to Google Maps they were a little under forty miles away from Libusen, West Virginia, a mountain town roughly halfway between the sticks and nowhere in particular. He'd never heard the name before Anastasia gave it to him three days ago. He doubted there were many people outside of Libusen itself who had.

"Tell me again why we're east of the Mississippi," he said, hoping for a distraction.

Tiffany scrolled through her feed. "Because Anastasia told us to."

"That's not a reason."

"It's the only reason that matters. She's the one who signs our checks." Tiffany sat up with a sigh, stretching in ways that made her look like a pin-up calendar come to life. "She jumps, we say how high. I've figured out that's kind of how this thing works."

She closed her app and opened a new one. Wikipedia, though he could only spare a second to glance over at it. He still appreciated the gesture. "Libusen, West Virginia. Population 4,200 last time they did a census. Settled in the 1860's by Swiss and German immigrants. Mining's the main industry, like everything else around here, I guess. Followed closely by tourism. They care about their heritage here, from what I can tell. They do a big Fasnacht festival every spring, which is their big claim to fame."

"Fasnacht?"

"Swiss carnival," Tiffany said, stifling a yawn. "Masks, parades, beer… very European."

"Fun masks? Or the scary kind?"

"It doesn't say." She flipped to another window. "Nothing on the local news websites about the murders, which makes sense if the Veil's still holding steady. But check this out!"

He risked another glance. This time it was even worse than Wikipedia.

Tiffany was reading Reddit.

"There's an r/LibusenWVA subreddit," she explained. "Not very active. Like fifty subscribers, which is more than I'd have thought. But there's a thread on here from a month or so ago, a guy asking if anyone else in town has noticed 'people acting weird.'" She grinned. "The comments are telling him it's nothing, you're trolling, ban this guy."

"Sounds about right."

"Yeah. What's not is the amount of comments. There's sixty-five of them."

Nick blinked. "Sixty-five? Oh yeah, that's a psy-op. Classic supernatural cover up."

"Ngggh!" Salma wasn't listening. "Someone talk me off already!"

"So what does 'acting weird' mean in this case?" Nick asked.

"From what I can tell, disappearing without a trace." Tiffany flipped through news articles she'd saved, caching them locally on her phone since the signal was terrible out in the mountains. "There's been four in the last three months. Two guys, two girls, all different ages, different backgrounds, nothing obvious that links them. Except being residents of Libusen." She paused. "And the whole skin eating thing."

Nick remembered that part. It was hard not to. In all four of the disappearances, the person who'd vanished reported a bizarre phenomenon to their friends and family a few days before they went missing.

The sound of chewing, like someone gnawing on a bone from the other side of a wall.

A persistent feeling of being watched.

And at least with the last disappearance, a college kid who'd checked himself into the hospital only to be discharged with a script for psych meds the next day, the phantom sensation of someone licking their skin. Sneaking a nibble every now and then.

It was that last one who'd garnered the most attention.

"Harris Freemont," Tiffany said, as if she'd read his thoughts. "Told staff at the Davis Medical Center that someone was stalking him and, quote, 'trying to eat his skin.' Gross."

Nick's stomach tightened. "The skin thing is weird. Not many monsters are skin-eaters. A couple different yokai are known to do it. Wendigos would be the big one in this part of the world. But wendigos physically stalk and kill their prey. They don't cause aural hallucinations."

"Are we sure they were hallucinations?" Tiffany suggested.

Salma gave a final spasm and puddled across the headrest, her sensory nub softening. "Oh shit. Wow. That was intense. Will you two still respect me in the morning?"

"The local sheriff's department is calling it 'a string of unrelated incidents,'" Nick said. "You know what I call it?"

"Bullshit?"

"Something dangerous. The stalking's doppleganger behavior, but the chewing… I don't know. It could be something worse."

"Something worse," Tiffany repeated. "I love that for us."

Nick grinned. "You signed up for this, babe."

"I signed up for low-level monster hunting duty," Tiffany said, her eyes narrowing. "With frequent breaks for kinky sex."

"Well, that's what being the Chosen One is all about. Driving into the middle of mountain country to hunt a monster that's driving people insane and then eating their faces."

"Three grand a head," Salma reminded him. Whatever had just happened to the slime, and Nick didn't want to think too much about it, she sounded a lot calmer for the moment. "That's fifteen-hundred a piece for each of you. If it turns out there's one of them for each disappearance, that's six grand times two lovebirds. Not bad for a week's work."

It sounded pretty good. Right up until you factored in ammunition, medical expenses, Waffle House trips, maintenance on the Hellcat and the inevitable shake-the-walls motel stays. And that was assuming they found the things in a reasonable timeframe, killed them, and didn't end up in the hospital themselves.

Still. It was far from the worst job Nick had ever had.

Set your own hours. Be your own boss.

Hook up with your hot coworker.

"What did Anastasia tell you about this place?" he asked. "She was pretty terse on the phone with me. Laconic, even."

"I wrote it down in my notes app. Quote: The situation in Libusen requires immediate attention. The local authorities are either ignorant of the danger or have been compromised. The Veil is stretched thinner by the week. Contain the issue before it becomes a Warden-level problem." She paused, her mouth curling in a smirk. "Take care of Nick."

"She did not say that last part."

"No, but it was totally implied."

"You do a pretty passable impression of her," Nick laughed. "Not bad."

"Oh, and we're supposed to meet with a local contact," Tiffany said. "Someone by the name of Moira. She runs a tattoo parlor near the center of town, corner of Main and Cottrell."

Nick blinked. "A tattoo parlor? In a town with four thousand people?"

"Yeah. Should be easy to spot, right?"

"How does a town that size support a tattoo parlor?"

Tiffany shrugged. "Maybe they're super into ink?"

Salma quivered. "Ooh, a tattoo artist! You think she's hot?"

"Why does that matter?" Nick asked.

"Because if she's hot, you're going to get all repressed-like around her and Tiffany's going to get jealous, and I'll get to sit back and watch the drama. It's better than Drag Race!"

"I have no idea how you even watch TV," Nick said.

Tiffany's eyes widened. "Jealous? I don't get jealous."

The familiar shifted in her direction. "You absolutely get jealous."

"Name one time!"

"Six days ago, Waffle House, Chillicothe, Ohio. The waitress who kept refilling Nick's coffee without him having to ask for it."

Tiffany's jaw dropped. "She was just being friendly!"

"She wrote her number on the receipt," the familiar jiggled. "With an itty-bitty heart."

There was silence in the car for a moment. "Maybe I was a little jealous."

"You've gotta root that out if you're going to be a harem girl," the familiar said.

Tiffany cocked an eyebrow. "And who says I'm joining a harem?"

"I do. I've got post-nut clarity, and I can see it like it's already happened. You two are adorable, by the way. Neither of you have any idea how kinky you are yet. It's like watching a rom-com, only with way more murder."

"I'm glad we can entertain you," Nick murmured.

"You've just gotta find the right girl," the slime chortled. "Both of you. Who knows? Maybe she's waiting for you in Libusen."

"Ah yes, the land of opportunity." Nick shook his head. "We're way more likely to get our faces eaten."

"I'd rather ride your face than eat it," Tiffany said.

Beyond the next turn, the valley opened up below them and they caught sight of Libusen. It stretched across the landscape like a dream. Like a city caught in a time bubble, a little pocket of the 1970's tucked away in the middle of West Virginia. Even if Nick hadn't been told about the whole Swiss/German thing, he'd have seen it instantly. Half the buildings looked like a cuckoo clock was going to come out of a second-story window at the top of the hour. A river cut through the center of town, bending right at the largest cluster of buildings, with two bridges. One was a modern steel monstrosity and one looked like it had been pulled from a Dutch village circa 1670.

"Oh no," Nick said. "Oh, this is worse than I thought."

Tiffany glanced at him, confused. "What's wrong? I think it's pretty."

"It's too fucking pretty," he said. "Nothing good happens in a town like this, Tiff. David Lynch could only dream of a place like this."

"You're paranoid."

He shook his head. "No. I've just been around enough to know what I'm talking about."

Salma oozed up Nick's shoulder to get a better view. "He's right," the familiar pronounced. "The vibes in this place are rancid."

"It's adorable!" Tiffany protested. "I feel like a country girl already. Maybe I should trade in Velma for a Dolly Parton costume…"

"Not a chance," Salma said. "You still owe Nick anal in that outfit!"

"And I'm 100% going to make good on that promise," she said. "Since he was so good at dressing up for me. You think I could get him to wear a tie while he plows me?"

"Not a chance." Nick shook his head. "A man who'd compromise his style for a little ass doesn't deserve the ass or the style."

"I'm serious." Salma sounded it, or as serious as the familiar ever got. "We should be on guard here. The Veil's thin." The slime made a sound like sniffing. "Also, it's soaked with death magic."

Nick and Tiffany shared a look. "Death magic?"

"It's really old, though. So maybe not a big deal. Just need to air the place out a bit."

"It's a town," Nick said. "You can't air it out. Great. We're walking into some Appalachian death vortex. Can't wait."

"Cheer up." Tiffany bumped him with her elbow. "You're taking a mountain vacation with the cutest Chosen One you've ever met. Maybe we can find a romantic cabin out in the woods?"

"Yeah, an Evil Dead cabin. Or Blair Witch."

"So we won't read any copies of the Necronomicon we find lying around." Tiffany shot him a look. "And if we're filming ourselves, I promise it's because we're making something way hotter than a horror movie…"

"Porno?" Salma jiggled. "We're porn directors now?"

"Maybe. Not showing my face, though." Nick turned his gaze to the road. "Business before pleasure. Let's secure the bag first and stop those disappearances. Then we'll see what kind of romantic opportunities there are in these woods."

"'Business before pleasure,'" Tiffany repeated. "Decent motto. I like 'never split the party' better, though."

"Yeah?"

"Yeah." She shot him a wry smile. "Also, I never put off pleasure. Where's the fun in that?"

Together, they made their way down the mountain.

Chapter Two: Literal Hexes, Literal Kittens

Nick noticed the symbols first.

The road descended into the valley, winding past decaying convenience stores and tall, imposing farmhouses. About a mile out from Libusen proper, odd details began catching his eye. Nearly every building had a star or a pinwheel shape somewhere on it. The nicer structures had fancy painted versions. The less savory ones displayed crudely spraypainted symbols.

But always the same thing. Compasses. Spirals. Flowers. All circular, all symmetrical.

"Hex symbols," Tiffany said when Nick brought it up. She'd obviously been deep in the Pennsylvania Dutch section of Wikipedia. "They're traditional. Meant to ward off evil."

"Sure," Nick said. "The nice ones I get. They're decorative. But the spraypaint? It looks like someone threw those up in a hurry. Like they were afraid of something."

Tiffany was quiet for a moment, then nodded. "They know," she said.

"Yup."

A short distance later they passed a sign: Welcome to Libusen, Gateway to the Alleghanys. The road dipped here, sloping downwards into the city proper. Farmhouses slowly gave way to signs of civilization: a gas station, a fast-food restaurant, the obligatory Waffle House. Before they knew it, they were in town proper.

"What do you think?" Tiffany asked, her face practically against the glass. "Figure out our lodgings for the night, or head straight to Moira?"

"The second." Nick's expression was a great deal more guarded than Tiffany's. "I figure Moira can probably get us a deal, being a local and all. Have you noticed it yet?"

"Noticed what?"

Nick gestured. "Where is everybody?"

It was the middle of the day, but Main Street was practically a ghost town. A single two-lane road studded with mom-and-pop shops, an occasional regional chain store and a handful of churches, it certainly looked like the heart of the town's activity.

Clean, well-maintained… and empty. Maybe three pedestrians visible on the street.

Tiffany's eyes widened. "They're hiding."

"Yeah, I didn't know they realized we were coming."

The blonde snorted. "From the monsters, Nick, not us."

"Potato, poh-tah-to."

"You can be pretty monstrous sometimes."

"Says the girl who wolfs down ten scrambled eggs in a single meal."

She giggled. "It's fuel. And you've never complained about helping me burn it all off."

The Hellcat's engine quieted as Nick dropped the speed to a crawl. The last thing he needed was some local five-O deciding the new tourist looked like a perfect way to hit his quota of speeding tickets for the week. "Keep an eye out," he said.

Finding what they were looking for didn't take long. There, just past the corner of Main and Cottrell, wedged between a local bookstore and a vape shop, was a storefront with a handpainted sign: The Dark Canuck Tattoo Parlor, with a logo of a gargoyle just beneath it. Art covered the windows: the usual skulls, anchors, little samples to spur the imagination of someone coming in without an inkling of what they wanted.

But look closer, and Nick saw something else. Tiny runic patterns, almost fractal in the way they spiraled out from a central point, so thin you could mistake them for cracks in the glass.

Protection sigils. White wards.

"This is definitely the place," he said.

Parking sat right up front, with an old-school meter. Tiffany slipped a quarter into it as she bounced out of the car and onto the sidewalk. Nick tucked Salma into his jacket, ignoring the way the slime yowled like a cat in heat. The air was cold and crisp, almost unseasonably chilly, and he was glad for the extra padding.

Tiffany either didn't care about the cold or didn't feel it. Her Chosen One powers evidently extended to more than just holding her breath longer than a freediver or being able to find her way to anything in the dark. She wore a pair of cutoff jeans and a tank top like it was twenty degrees warmer, the denim just barely hiding the dagger she had tucked into her belt for emergencies. She'd swapped her contacts for the fake Velma glasses, which gave her a whole "grad student doing field research" vibe.

Decent disguise.

Of course, Nick kind of ruined it by looking exactly like what he looked like: a mercenary in a trench coat who looked (and was) armed to the teeth.

"You could at least try to blend in," Tiffany whispered.

"I am blending in. This is a rough town."

She made a show of glancing past the rows of idyllic flower boxes and cute Swiss flags. "Uh huh."

Salma peeked out from inside of Nick's jacket, her sensory nodule stiffening in the cold. "Girls, girls, you're both pretty. The two of you are very Beauty and the Beast, if both of them were hot monster hunters on a road trip together. I'd watch that movie!"

"Thanks, Salma. I can always count on you for a compliment."

"Of course!" The slime paused. "Does that mean I can watch you two have sex in the car later?"

"No," they said in unison.

"Aww, you're no fun. I take it all back!"

With a sigh, Nick looked up at the shop window. "You feel that?"

Tiffany nodded. "Magic. A lot of it."

"The good kind," Salma chortled against Nick's chest. "Positive vibes only. The real Stevie Nicks stuff!"

Tiffany cocked an eyebrow. "Stevie Nicks is really a witch?"

"Don't believe her," Nick said. "'Please don't stop the music.'"

"Says the guy who kept Good Girl Gone Bad in the tape deck for a solid month."

"She's probably in there wondering why we're standing out on the front steps," Nick said. "Let's go."

As he walked up the steps, Nick noticed something shifting behind the window. For a moment he thought he was right and that Moira really was spying on them, then he saw the paw flicker against the glass and realized.

Cats. Several of them.

"Hope nobody's allergic," he muttered, pushing inside.

A little bell chimed as the door closed behind them. The tattoo parlor was exactly what he'd expected. Cozy but with a little edge, all red velvet furniture and hardwood paneling. Concert posters hung framed on the walls: Kate Bush, The Smiths, some band called The Tragically Hip. Drawings of intricate tattoos and photographs of the more extravagant pieces produced in the shop lined the remaining space. An analog record player sat in a corner surrounded by candles, though it was hooked into a very modern-looking Bluetooth speaker.

"Hello?" Nick asked. "Anyone home?"

Three cats, all of them perched at the window, turned to stare up at him. He felt their eyes silently judging him, as if weighing his heart on a set of invisible scales.

The air in the room shifted.

And the cats rubbed up against his legs, as friendly as if they'd known him for years.

"That's Simon, Hecubus and Tituba," a voice said. "If they like you, it means you're welcome here."

Nick glanced up from the cats, a clever remark forming on his lips.

And then he saw her.

She was standing behind the counter, wiping down a tattoo gun with a cloth. Late thirties, maybe early forties, but with the kind of looks that almost certainly made guys half her age hit on her at the bar nevertheless. Red hair cascaded down her back in shimmering locks, and her eyes were greener than envy with a gaze that pricked twice as hard. She was wearing a faded Pixies t-shirt, a pair of jeans tight enough to look painted on, and, strangely, a string of pearls.

What was stranger was what she didn't have.

Not a single visible tattoo.

Nick blinked. "Hi. You must be Moira?"

Moira smiled, her eyes dancing with amusement. "You don't look like you're here for ink. The hunters Anastasia sent, I presume?"

"Are we that obvious?" Tiffany asked.

"Probably not to the locals," Moira said, nodding in Nick's direction. "But you're clearly armed, you're already scanning the room for additional exits, and…" she frowned suddenly, lines appearing across her forehead. "Did something in your jacket just move?"

Shit. Nick had really been hoping they could get to know each other a little better before having to explain that part.

Salma shifted beneath his jacket and poked out with her sensory nodule. "Hello! I'm Salma. I'm a boob!"

Moira stared.

"A…" She closed her mouth, deliberately, then started to laugh. "Alright, then. I see Anastasia has decided to be even more interesting than usual."

One of the cats around Nick's ankles let out a purr.

"Yes, he's very sweet," Moira said, kneeling down in front of the feline and patting it on the head. "I was just about to feed these three. I can talk at the same time, of course…?"

Nick started. "Don't let us keep you," he said. With Moira kneeling like that, it was hard not to think of a different sort of feeding. "Go right ahead."

Moira stepped behind the counter and into a side room. The second she was out of sight, Tiffany elbowed Nick in the ribs. "You were staring at her ass," she whispered, sounding almost eager.

"And you weren't?"

The blonde snickered. "It's a nice ass."

Moira came back a few moments later with a bowl of milk and a couple cans of tuna. The moment she set them on the ground, the cats forgot all about Nick's existence and swarmed the grub, not unlike him and Tiffany at an all-you-can-eat buffet.

"I'm Moira Orchard," the redhead said, opening the second can of tuna. "And you are?"

Tiffany stepped forward. "Tiffany Cross," she said, taking Moira's hand as she rose. "This is Nick. And you've already met Salma, the talking boob."

"Sentient magical familiar," Salma added. "I can be more than a boob if I want. Being a boob is just really, really fun."

"I can imagine," Moira said seriously. "You shapeshift?"

"I'm a silicone slime. It's a long story. Involving a troll stripper and a defibrillator."

Moira's eyes lit up. "I'm certain I'd love to hear that story."

"No you wouldn't," Nick insisted.

"He electrocuted the troll's titties," Salma said gleefully. "I was one of the titties!"

"I see."

"When I saw what a hunk Nick was, I decided to defect." The slime jiggled as if to say look what a good wingman I am! "There was a lot of screaming. And goo. And something about selling ass?"

Moira let out a cackle that made both Nick and Tiffany jump. He ignored it. Even with Tiffany making 'jokes' about their contact, he knew better than to get too cozy with the woman running the tattoo parlor.

Even if she loved cats, had a killer sense of style, and was chill enough to joke around with a talking boob.

"So," Nick said, clearing his throat. "Anastasia said you have information for us?"

Moira leaned back and looked Nick up and down. Her gaze was so frank that it shocked him, but she did the same thing to Tiffany a moment later without an instant of hesitation. Something shifted in her stance, like she'd just come to a decision.

"I do," she said, nodding. "But first, I'm going to make you two some coffee. You two look like you need it."

"We do?" Nick asked.

A smile that both of them would soon come to know very well curled at the edge of Moira's mouth. "You've clearly been driving all day," she said, crossing her arms beneath her breasts. "You both look like you could use a break. A little… TLC, perhaps?"

"You want to get them stoned?" Salma asked. "That's so cool!"

"That's THC," Tiffany said. "And we've been on the road since five am. We'd most definitely appreciate the coffee. Thank you."

"I might be able to scrounge up something for you to snack on," Moira said, fretting over them both in a way that made Nick's stomach go warm. "Come with me. We'll talk in private."

She leaned over and locked the front door, then turned the OPEN sign around to BACK LATER. Nick exchanged a final glance with Tiffany, who was grinning at him in a way he knew meant trouble, and followed them both through a curtain of beads and into a back room.

The back room was part office, part living space. An ancient computer sat on a desk, surrounded by sketches of potential tattoo art, with a kitchenette and a coffee maker that looked like they'd both seen some heavy use. Bookshelves along the other wall held heavy tomes, some with names Nick recognized and some that were completely new to him.

Tiffany threw herself onto the couch, folding her hands in her lap. Salma hopped out of Nick's jacket and joined her, rolling back and forth across the suede. "Oh that's niiiice…"

Moira glanced up from the coffee machine. "Looks like your familiar's engaging in sensory seeking behavior?"

Nick laughed. "She's not usually like this. She's… mercurial. Her personality changes around every full moon."

"Which was two days ago," Moira said, nodding. "So you're both going through an adjustment period."

"Don't make a mess on the couch," Tiffany whispered.

"No, I'm sure you and Nick'll be doing that later."

Moira either didn't hear or pretended she hadn't heard. "How do you take your coffee?"

"There's only two types of people in this world," Nick said. "Those who drink their coffee black, and those who are wrong."

Moira smirked. "Hear, hear."

"Well in that case, I'm very wrong," Tiffany said. "Load me up, Moira."

The redhead nodded. "Salma?"

"Boobs don't drink coffee," the slime said. "But I appreciate the offer. You're so considerate, Moira!"

Her expression softened. "I try."

"Yep! Super kind and nurturing! Really, really maternal! Oh! Can I call you Mommy?"

A strange look flickered across Moira's face. "I don't think we're quite well acquainted enough for that," she said, glancing over at Nick. "Not yet, anyway."

Something about the way she said it made Nick's pants tighten.

Moira poured three mugs, two black and one for Tiffany that was almost beige, and pulled out the office chair to sit across from them. "Please, sit," she told Nick. "I'll work on snacks later."

Nick sat. Tiffany settled in beside him, close enough that her thigh pressed up against him. Together, they had the easy, casual intimacy of two people who fit together like a jigsaw puzzle and had spent the better part of the last few weeks putting their pieces together as often as possible. Seeing it, a small smile spread across Moira's face, like she'd just won a private bet.

Nick took a sip of his coffee. It was fucking delicious.

"Before we get started, I've got a question," he said. "'The Dark Canuck?' What's up with that?"

"Oh. I'm Canadian," Moira said with a little chuckle. "I know I don't sound it. I was born in Halifax. Nova Scotia. I came here when I was a little girl." She paused. "A long time ago."

Nick could tell there was a story behind that. But from her tone, he could tell it was the kind of story you didn't get out of a person until you knew them a whole hell of a lot better.

"Very cool," Tiffany said.

The corner of Moira's mouth twitched. "So," she said. "Anastasia will have told you about the murders. What the locals are calling 'disappearances.'"

Tiffany and Nick shared a look. "She didn't give us a ton of detail," Nick said, sitting up a little straighter. "Just that four people have vanished in the last few months, all babbling about some kind of invisible monster that's stalking them that wants to eat their skin. Different ages, different backgrounds. Nothing at all linking the victims."

Moira paused.

"There is something that links the victims," she said, taking a sip from her steaming mug. "There's exactly one thing that all four of them have in common, in fact."

Nick's ears perked up.

Both of them leaned forward. Salma's sensory nodule tilted along with them.

"What is it?" Tiffany asked.

Moira waited a moment before replying.

"All four of them were customers of my store," she said at last.

Chapter Three: Tit For Tats

"I knew it!" Salma roared. "It's you! You're the killer!"

Silence filled the room, deafening in its weight. As one, all three of them turned to stare at the slime, their eyes nearly falling out of their head.

"Her?" Tiffany spat. "You were just talking about how you want to call her Mommy!"

"Lulling her into a false sense of security!" the slime said, undulating wildly. "Getting her comfortable enough to let slip the clue that she's the monster we're after! Oooh, wow, are you two feeling the texture on this suede? This suede rules…"

Nick closed his eyes. "Salma?"

"Uh haah?"

"Shut up."

"But she just confessed—"

"She said the people who disappeared were all her customers," Tiffany chided. "She did not say that she's the one who made them disappear in the first place!"