TITLE: Isekai Emperor Book 3
AUTHOR: Adam Lance & Michael Dalton
SERIES: Isekai Emperor (Book 3)
WORDS EXTRACTED: 8593
============================================================

Contents
    
    
      
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Links (Front of the Book)
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Authors' Note
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Support the Authors
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Where we left off
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Starting Character Sheet: Thomas Stone
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Starting Task Updates
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Starting Inner Circle Statuses and Tasks
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Abbreviated Starting Settlement Statuses and Challenges
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 1: Stratagems and Dreams
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 2: Monsters and Cores
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Incursion Defense Force Breakdown
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 3: Worm Bears and Turtle Ninjas 
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 4: Theven, Revealed
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 5: Gothic Revelations
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 6: An Energizing Ceremony
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 7: It’s Hard, Being the Goblin King
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 8: Upgrades and Awakenings
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Interlude: Reginald’s Surprising Attack (Part 1)  
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 9: Cunning of the Merciless
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Interlude: Reginald’s Surprising Attack (Part 2)  
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 10: Spoils
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Updated Character Sheet: Thomas Stone
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 11: Firm Negotiations
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        (Abbreviated) New Settlements
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Character Sheet: Ginger
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 12: Freedom of Choice
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Interlude: Jeremiah, Hand of Purgation – Smiter of the Foul
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Character Sheet: Belladonna Monroe
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Interlude: Coffee Date (Belladonna POV)
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 13: Many Types of Love
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 14: Faith and the Faithful
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 15: MY HUMAN
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 16: Urban Planning
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Character Sheet: Jeremiah J. Gnomington 
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 17: Riches and Reunions
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 18: A Time to Sow
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Character Sheet: Lorelai
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 19: A Time to Reap
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 20: Conversation with a Queen
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 21: His Great and Awful Responsibilities
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 22: Breach of the Peace
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 23: An Act of Defiance
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Abbreviated Battle Outcome
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 24: Aftermath
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 25: The Orichalcum Council
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 26: Isekai Emperor
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 27: Halcyon Days
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Epilogue
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Thomas Stone Final Character Sheet
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Abbreviated Final Settlement Statuses
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Appendix 1: Command Authority
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Appendix 2: Thomas’s Class (Tomorrowwright)
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Appendix 3: Inner Circle Rules (from Book 2)
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Glossary
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Editing Note
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Appreciations
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        LitRPG Books Appreciation
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        LitRPG Group Appreciation
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        LitRPG Books Group Appreciation
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        GameLit Society Appreciation

Isekai Emperor 3
          Brats and Dynasties
		      
          Adam Lance, Michael Dalton
        
        
          
          Pivot Press Publishing, LLC

Copyright ©2024 by Adam Lance and Michael DaltonAll rights reserved.No portion of this book may be reproduced in any form without written permission from the publisher or author, except as permitted by U.S. copyright law.

Links (Front of the Book)For more men's romance titles and monster girls, check out the following:https://www.facebook.com/RoyalGuard2020https://www.facebook.com/groups/haremlitbooks/https://www.facebook.com/groups/monstergirllovershttps://www.facebook.com/groups/haremlithttps://www.facebook.com/groups/dukesofharemhttps://www.facebook.com/groups/MonsterGirlFiction/https://www.facebook.com/groups/1324476308314052https://www.facebook.com/groups/HaremGamelit https://www.facebook.com/groups/pulpfantasy

Authors' NoteHello! Thank you for reading  Isekai Emperor, the second of a trilogy. This has been an incredibly fun story to write, and we hope you’ll enjoy it. Please be aware, this is a GameLit/LitRPG style world, with character levels and classes. It is a romantic-focused story, but we keep the game elements relevant throughout.

Support the AuthorsFollow your authors: Adam Lance can be found here. Michael Dalton can be found here.Patreon is the place to show support and read early versions of books. Michael's Patreon is here: https://www.patreon.com/michaeldaltonAdam Lance's Patreon is here: https://www.patreon.com/AdamLanceWrites Audio CopyIsekai Emperor is now out on Audible. You can find book 1 here.Adam Lance works with Pivot Press. About Pivot PressPivot Press Discord: https://discord.gg/GXn8csy2ggPivot Press is a team of authors, editors, copywriters, and narrators dedicated to producing GameLit and LitRPG content of all genres. You can find their website here: https://www.pivotpresspublishing.com/Other Similar NovelsFor more male-focused romance novels, check out the Romance for Men community links at https://linktr.ee/romanceformen

Where we left offWow. Isekai Emperor has become a massive hit. Unfortunately, because it’s a city builder and a LitRPG epic, it’s bloated worse than a marshmallow in the microwave. If you want to get to the meat of the story, skip to Chapter 1. Otherwise, we’re going to be spending a solid chunk of time catching you up.On the next pages, you will find important information about the start of the main characters and events from book two. These are:·         Starting Character Sheet·         Starting Tasks: These tasks have been updated between books 2 and 3. Keep your eyes peeled!·         (Abbreviated) Starting City and Settlement Challenges: This will catch you up on the state of the various settlements Thomas is now in charge of.·         Starting Inner Circle Statuses and Tasks: There are too many Vassals for us to list reasonably, so you get the Inner Circle instead.For reminders about Command Authority (what Thomas wields with his Royal Tablet) see Appendix 1. For his class details, see Appendix 2. See the Glossary for the definitions of words and terms. Be warned, the glossary has been written by goblin librarians for book 3.

Starting Character Sheet: Thomas StoneAge: 25Level: 10Class: TomorrowwrightTotal Experience Needed to Reach Level 11: 120Unspent Inner Circle Experience: 150Species: Half-GoblinInner Circle Size: 7Inner Circle·         Chef Mama: Level 9 Epichirurigeon (Circle Focus: Temple Matron)·         Umadin: Level 15 General (Circle Focus: Drill Sergeant)·         Emily: Level 6 Goblin Assistant (Circle Focus: Seneschal)·         Lulu Violet: Level 9 Acrobatic Assassin (Circle Focus: Spy Mistress)Hit Points (Endurance + Level): 28 Mana (Magic + Level): 28 Attributes· Cunning: 21 (As a [Goblin] this level of cunning allows you to pierce low-level illusions and disguises passively)· Discipline: 21 (You are effectively immune to most Charm effects or spells. At this supernatural level of Discipline, all [goblins] within your domain enjoy a significant bonus to their Discipline scores)· Strength: 14· Endurance: 18· Chaos: 20 (Commands issued to your goblins have a 25% increased effectiveness)· Magic: 18 (When your Bloodline Power fully awakens, you will have access to more mana to activate those powers)· Agility: 11Core Skills:· City Planning and Development: 9 - Every aspect of city planning, including the planning time and even materials and labor costs associated, are reduced by 70%· Architecture and Engineering: 10 - The buildings and designs you create require 40% fewer materials and are 40% more efficient/effective.· Diplomacy: 13 - As a [Goblin] this level of Diplomacy allows you to produce offspring with normally incompatible species. You have a moderate, non-magical [Charm] effect on those you attempt to be diplomatic with.Class BenefitsGranted Powers: While your Vassals have an optimistic, happy, joyful, or other positive attitude, they will perform all non-combat tasks with 100% increased efficiency. Cities you oversee also have an additional status beyond Optimal, called Utopia. See the details for more information.Level 1: Your Inner Circle gains a bonus to all actions proportional to the status of the settlement they are in.Level 3: While they are happy or optimistic, any goblin loyal to you consumes 25% fewer resources. Your Vassals and Inner Circle consume 50% less instead.Level 5: For every settlement you control with an optimistic, or happy population, you and your inner circle gains a +1 bonus to all of attributes and skills (up to a maximum +5 bonus at level 5; this increases to +10 at level 15). These bonuses vanish if the settlement’s attitude decreases for 24 continuous hours.Level 7: Your citizens walk 20% faster while happy. They walk 50% faster if they are traveling to and from settlements you control. If the settlements are optimistic or happy, this is increased to 75%.Level 9: In settlements where your people are happy, they become immune to all natural toxins and diseases. Furthermore, any children born in [happy] settlements are [Protected] for gestation and the first [6] months. They are also far less likely to suffer from the side-effects of common and uncommon situations (such as diaper rash). They also mature and learn faster during that period, effectively growing at twice the normal rate. Over generations, this could lead to a superior breed of goblin.Bonus Enhancement - Chromatic Bloodline Awakening: This ability will be revealed…

Starting Task UpdatesBut first, a note from Thomas:  After marrying Candi, I discovered my Tablet was overflowing with notifications. As her husband, I have access to Candi’s Vassals, settlements, and tasks. It was simply too much. Since she is happy to manage her people, I have toggled everything she oversees off. Happily, all the neat bonuses my class provides continues to benefit all our people, even with the information disabled.·         Task 1 (Find Adventurers to deal with a Dungeon Core)–Assigned to Thomas: N/A.·         Task 2 (Determine if ovisari reproductive control can be magically expanded to goblins)–Assigned to Thomas: N/A.·         Task 3 (Breed)–Assigned to Thomas: Based on current production estimates and two breeding ceremonies per week, this will take ~2.5 years)Additional Context: Thomas has outstanding requests for breeding assistance from dryads, succubi, yokai spider women, and trolls. There is an insinuation that the Elven King has similar, but not yet formalized, ambitions. An estimated 110,000 children are required to bring these populations, plus his goblins, into optimal equilibrium.·         Task 4 (Plumbing and sewage throughout the kingdom)–Assigned to Fzzt: ~2 Years Left.·         Task 5 (Deal with King Reginald)–Assigned to Thomas: Ongoing.

Starting Inner Circle Statuses and Tasks·         Chef Mama: Chef Mama is in Wubgug and waiting for you to appoint her successor in your Inner Circle. She has successfully trained [10] level [6] Epichirurigeons, [20] level [5s], and [29] level [4s]. This amount is likely sufficient to tend your population while training their successors. She is currently overseeing all food and healing related activities and tasks.·         Umadin: Umadin has integrated [troll] and [goblin] troops, as well as trained a functional army. He will be spending the next [119] days training [Lava Goblins] as elite shock troops. He is currently overseeing all troop activities and tasks from Wubgug.·         Emily: In 21 days Emily will increase [Lotta Tot’s] city level to [4]. This will grant you and your entire Inner Circle [120] bonus experience points. She is currently overseeing all maintenance and city upkeep activities and tasks.·         Lulu Violet: Lulu has completed her training of [Belladonna] and [Teelah]. She is currently overseeing all espionage and stealth-related missions.

Abbreviated Starting Settlement Statuses and ChallengesChallenge Experience Rewards:  Experience points are awarded to the Vassals and Inner Circle member overseeing their completion. Thomas can do it personally, which will deliver more experience to his Vassals.Overall Population Benefits:·         Joyful population: 100% increased efficiency (all citizens)·         King’s Chaos: 25% increased effectiveness on all commands given (goblins only)·         Movement Bonus: 20-50% travel speed from one settlement to another (all citizens)·         Coffee: 50% increased productivity (all citizens)·         Offspring: In [happy] settlements, children are [Protected] until they are [six months] old. This essentially makes babies immune to all the bad stuff that all parents, everywhere, worry about. In addition, the children learn and grow at twice the rate. For [goblins], this means a [6-month-old] will be closer to a human 6-year-old in terms of development and capabilities. For [trolls], this puts them on even footing with human children.Lotta Tot [Level 5 Capital]Status: Overwhelmingly HappyChallenges·         Low Population: Lotta Tot needs an additional [85,000] population to be optimal. Reward: 2,750 experience points.Blister [Level 2 Settlement]Status: HappyChallenges·         Low Population: Blister needs an additional [3,000] population to be optimal. Reward: 150 experience points.·         Lack of Housing: Housing for [3,500] people required, in addition to [storage] and [defensive] structures. Reward: 200 experience points.·         Purifying Magical Water: Lava goblin plumbers have determined that routing water from Lotta Tot to Blister will take [3 weeks] at optimal efficiency. Reward: 200 experience points.Mug [Level 3 Settlement]Status: HappyChallenges·         Purifying Magical Water: Lava goblin plumbers have determined that routing water from Lotta Tot to Mug will take [8 weeks] at optimal efficiency. Reward: 500 experience points.Wubgug [Level 3 Settlement]Status: HappyChallenges·         Purifying Magical Water: Lava goblin plumbers have determined that routing water from Lotta Tot to Wubgug will take [10 weeks] at optimal efficiency. Reward: 500 experience points.Averdale [Level 3 Settlement]Status: HappyChallenges·         Purifying Magical Water: Lava goblin plumbers have determined that routing water from Lotta Tot to Averdale will take [6 weeks] at optimal efficiency. Reward: 500 experience points.Ofku [Level 3 Stronghold]Status: HappyChallenges·         Inclement War: All signs point to an imminent war, with troops massing along Thomas’s borders. Ofku holds a key defensive position in land that once belonged to King Reginald. Each time the stronghold resists an enemy attack, the citizens will experience a small boost in experience, particularly if careful task management is applied.·         Purifying Magical Water: Lava goblin plumbers have determined that routing water from Lotta Tot to Ofku will take [15 weeks] at optimal efficiency. Reward: 500 experience points.

Chapter 1: Stratagems and DreamsThomas Stone, King of All Goblins, sat in the center of a grand ballroom. A dozen golden tables, adorned with filigree down the legs and long velvet runners, were spaced in a circle around him. The runners were embroidered with the crests of the royal houses of the Fae Wilds – goblin, troll, elf, faerie, celestial, infernal, human, and several others he didn’t recognize. Atop each table was an intricately carved chess board.As he looked around, he saw the shadowy outlines of people moving through the room. The fuzzy shapes ignored him as they took their seats at the tables. Yet more apparitions continued to appear. One was vaguely dragon-shaped, though small enough to fit into the room. Another had an outline like a minotaur. The new figures joined the seated ones.Yet this was not chess as Thomas knew it. There were games with three or even four players, and some of the matches seemed neither equal nor fair. Some pitted multiple opponents against a single player.Then things got stranger.A new group appeared on one side of the room, a trio of ephemeral yet statuesque forms. The vague outlines resolved into bronze-skinned women with flowing white hair. Gliding around and past the tables, the women observed the games, stopping at each table to look over shoulders and watch the play unfold. At one table, one of the white-haired women leaned forward, whispering something in one player’s ear, but it was too far away for Thomas to hear.Across the room, one of the other women made a sharp motion in the air with two fingers. The empty space beside her parted like a curtain. Reaching through the gap she’d opened, she retrieved a new piece and passed it to the player the first woman had spoken to. As the player set the piece on the board, Thomas got a sense that the power balance at the table was shifting.They’re pulling strings, Thomas thought. Are those the Fates? The thought came and went, lost in the wonder of what he was watching.A voice drew him from his reverie. “Well? Are you going to play or not?”Thomas turned, realizing he wasn’t an observer. He was a player as well, and he had an opponent. Across the table, looking impatient, sat King Reginald. Unlike all the other figures in the room, Reginald’s form was clear and distinct.The human king had lost weight since Thomas had seen him last. Reginald’s cheeks had hollowed, giving him a gaunt look with his dark hair and muddy brown eyes. He was dressed in muted greens and browns, and his royal garb looked just as hand-crafted as the velvet covering the table.“You’re here?” Thomas asked, looking down at his side of the game board. Pieces were arrayed before him. He recognized them.The front lines were his Vassals, each perfectly resembling the goblins and others who served him. Tiny numbers and letters, a bit like a barcode, were carved into the base of each piece. He somehow sensed that those codes described each piece’s capabilities.Behind his Vassals stood his Inner Circle. Lulu and Emily were there with Mama. Umadin, his level fifteen general, stood most prominent among them. Yet as Thomas studied the carving, he noticed his father’s figure flickering, as if it might fade out at any moment.“He’s tired,” Reginald observed in a mockingly sympathetic tone. “I expect he wants to retire. Pity. You’ll miss his presence in the game, I’m sure.”A flicker of motion beside their table drew Thomas’s gaze. One of the shadowy figures had joined them, offering Reginald a new game piece. The human king took it, though he kept whatever he’d been given concealed in the palm of his hand.When he saw Thomas watching, Reginald smirked at the three women who still wandered the room. “The Fates can’t see everything, can they?”Thomas squinted, trying to see who was helping the rival king, but the only thing he could make out was a thin halo of fire. He stared, trying to see more details, but the blurring only worsened.“I’ll need more than the scroll,” Reginald said to his shadowy partner.The other figure froze, studying the King’s face. Thomas sensed malice from the shadow, perhaps even outright loathing. Then it made a motion, and a box appeared in its hands. It passed the box to Reginald.Accepting the offering, the king opened the box with an expression of glee. He tipped it over and gold poured down on his side of the board. Thomas had expected something entirely different, and he was even more surprised when the coins vanished as each one came into contact with Reginald’s game pieces. He noticed their serial numbers changing.He bought them equipment, Thomas thought. Or used the gold to improve them somehow. He was about to ask a question when Reginald made a sudden motion with his hand. Four figures appeared in his grasp, and a fifth that looked a bit like the King himself joined the four. With a lightning move, Reginald extended his arm, smacking the pieces down behind Thomas’s back line, nearly at his chest.“Hey. You can’t do that,” Thomas protested.“Apparently I can.” Reginald smirked. “You think you’ve beaten me. You know nothing. You don’t know about the second Core, do you? No matter. Once the Chaos Core is mine, it’ll be all over. An army is being prepared. When the time comes, we will unleash thousands upon your upstart kingdom. Whatever you claim, whatever lands you hold, it will all fall.” He paused, inhaling as if savoring his impending victory. “You’re a horrible King, Thomas. Soft. Weak. You will never hold the mantle of Emperor. By the time I’m done, your women will be mine and everything you’ve built will fall into ruin.”The shape behind the King leaned forward eagerly, watching the game with blazing eyes.“Yeah. Okay. I don’t think so.” Thomas stood, waving for the tall women with white hair. “Excuse me? This fucker is out of bounds. He’s cheating.”At his summons, one of them – her outline still too blurry for him to make out any details – approached their table. She looked down at the board for a moment, then nodded. “Are you asking for an intervention, King Thomas?”Adopting a firm but diplomatic tone, he said, “I’m asking for things to be fair. Look at my pieces. Umadin is ready to retire. Chef Mama isn’t far behind. They deserve it. That’ll leave me with half the Inner Circle I started with.”“Would you like us to find you foreign recruits, King Thomas?”Reginald snorted in derision. “As if anyone will aid these pathetic goblins.” The woman ignored him and lightly touched Thomas’s shoulder. She whispered a word too soft for him to hear, and suddenly, the dozen other tables in the room were joined by hundreds more. No, thousands. Yet these weren’t playing tables like the others. They were small standing trays that appeared to hold more game pieces.The woman pointed to a nearby table where a gnarled troll and a haughty elf were engaged in their own game. Next to their table was one of the ornate trays, atop which stood a single piece. Thomas looked closer, seeing a carving of a human man. His skin was covered with intricate tattoos, and he wore an odd, rune-covered vest. A long, slim sword hung at his side.“Would you like us to engage the Warden?” the woman asked.Just looking at the strange piece gave Thomas an unsettling feeling. Something told him that bringing this mysterious figure in would not be a good idea for anyone. “Or perhaps the Adjudicator?” She gestured to another tray, where he saw an older human man with a thick white mustache. He carried two heavy revolvers at his hips and wore a long red duster.Thomas shook his head, and the woman smiled in approval.“Then you would prefer a Fate Spun, perhaps?” She turned and drew his gaze to another one of the ornate trays. This one had a young man with short, spiky hair. His piece had a subtle golden aura about it. Yet again, Thomas had the feeling that adding this one to their game would lead to disaster.Yet before he could reply, the woman sensed his reluctance and pointed at another table, then another. Something then occurred to him. Each figure she pointed to was a man, and every one had an aspect about him that left Thomas with the same reluctant feeling.“None of these are anyone I can make a Vassal, let alone bring into my Inner Circle,” he said, feeling his Cunning kicking in.“No,” the woman agreed, nodding as if he’d seen something important.Although he wasn’t sure whether the woman was truly offering to summon aid for him, Thomas was no longer inclined to ask. It felt like a trap. He thought back to what he remembered about the lore from Earth, remembering how deals with the fae always led to unforeseen consequences.Clearing his throat, he said, “I appreciate the offer, but . . .”The woman shifted to the side. It was a small, casual motion, the sort of thing anyone would do during conversation. Just behind and beside her was another of the little tables.But this one was different. Rather than a single piece, this tray had a team of a man and several women. Thomas was immediately struck by a flash of recognition.I remember those girls! They were the ones he’d met on the road back from Boulibar Bay all those months ago.“Are you sure you wouldn’t like some intervention, King Thomas?” the woman said, her fingers unfurling toward the more intricate carvings. The implication was subtle, but clear: the offer didn’t extend to the entire team, only the solo pieces.“Not at the moment, thanks. Unless you can help me with this,” he pointed at the group of pieces Reginald had set right outside his front door, “I don’t feel comfortable accepting any offers of aid.”Leaning over, the woman gave Thomas a view of stunning, if blurry, cleavage as she studied the pieces. “What is this?” She glanced at Reginald, who had gone still and quiet during their conversation.Thomas’s attention had been drawn by the woman and the strange game pieces, and he only now looked back at his opponent, waiting for the human King to reply. But he didn’t. Thomas realized the other man was frozen in place, as were all the other players in the room.It was as if the woman had stopped the clock for their discussion. Time had paused for all but the two of them.“Teleportation effects are highly restricted for a reason,” she continued with a mild scowl. “Bough Strider and similar powers are allowed because of their limitations. Reginald and his allies should know better. It would be such a shame if his spell went just a few hundred feet off course, wouldn’t it?” Standing up straight again, she tapped a finger against lips he felt certain were plump and soft. “That, perhaps, would offset his unfair advantage just enough for you to counter it, King Thomas. But you must act quickly, or the opportunity will pass, and disaster will fall.”Why am I suddenly horny for this blurry woman? He tried concentrating on her again. The more he watched her silhouette, the more his chaos responded, as if some force were dragging it out of him and enhancing his power.Either unaware of his thoughts or deliberately ignoring him, the woman said, “Since Reginald wants the Chaos Core so badly, I see no reason not to help them along toward their destination.”The chessboard floated into the air, hovering in place above the tabletop, though Reginald’s pieces remained where they had been. A new board appeared below the first. But this one was not another chessboard – it was much more intricate and detailed, covered in maze-like patterns. The figures Reginald had placed now stood on the lower level.Mist filled the room, obscuring everything. As he simultaneously realized that he was dreaming and that he was about to wake up, Thomas heard the mysterious woman speak one last time.“A parting word of wisdom, King of the Goblins. In the Halls of Fate, even dreams cannot lie.”
      ***Thomas jerked awake. He looked around the dark room, bleary-eyed. It was still night, and his bedroom was dark. The dim light of the moon outside was just enough to reveal the outline of his lovers sleeping around him. Emily lay sprawled on her back across the bed, as she still had to get up at night to nurse their daughter Scarlett. Between them, Lulu was curled against Thomas’s chest as the little spoon with her plump-but-firm backside against his thighs. Candi lay on the other side of him, pressed against his back, her outstretched limbs entangled with his and her face buried against his neck. Behind her, snoring loudly at the far edge of the bed, was Lorelai. Thomas had agreed to let the bratty Elf rincess sleep with the rest of his women as long as she understood she was not yet one of them.Ginger lay on top of Emily, dozing between her enormous breasts. Thomas assumed she’d gotten up with Emily during her last trip to the nursery, as the little fairy enjoyed cleaning up Emily’s breast milk when she was done feeding the baby. Finally, Belladonna, whose flexibility would never cease to surprise him, had wrapped herself over and through the bodies of the other girls. Her hand lay on Thomas’s leg, and her black fingernails, glossy from whatever reagents she’d used to dye them, glided slowly up and down over his skin.But it took him a beat to realize the introverted goth girl was still asleep. Nestled against him, her expression was one of gentle repose. The tension and focus he’d come to expect on her features was gone, replaced by contentment. Some dream she was still lost within was apparently driving her movements. As if feeling Thomas’s attention, Bella adjusted, rolling over to rest her cheek against his knee. Her hand slid higher, fingertips groping until they found his shaft. Bella’s fingertips, resting featherlight against him, were enough to make him stiffen, and her hand gently closed around him. As she completed the contact, her movements stilled, as if the act of intimacy had been enough to settle her back into sound sleep.That’s not what woke me, he thought, sitting up on his elbows to look around. He was hot. With all the bodies in the bed around him, it was a wonder they all weren’t sweltering. Yet it wasn’t discomfort that had disturbed his rest either.Closing his eyes, he thought about the dream and the strange women. He felt his chaos stirring. It felt oddly drained, like when he’d used his Chromatic Bloodline powers the other day, but it was also very much awake. As if reacting to his movement, Bella’s grasp tightened momentarily around his now-hard cock. It’s not time for that, he thought. Carefully adjusting himself until he could worm his way out from beneath the pile of limbs, breasts, and grasping fingers, he exited at the head of the bed. Looking down at the gorgeous women who’d gifted him with so much love, he felt his heart swell to match everything else. Only Laylana was absent. The beautiful purple-haired dryad either rose very early to tend to the farms, or – as she’d done the previous night after their amorous festivities were complete – returned to the grove of her people to spend the night in her tree. As much as Thomas missed having her here every night, he knew she was who she was. A dryad needed that time within her tree to recharge her mana. Doing so was especially important for a druid.Thomas would have felt blessed with love from any of them. Knowing they genuinely wanted to be with him was intoxicating beyond belief. Even before his recent levels and Chromatic awakening, they’d all cared for him in their own way. It left him wanting nothing more than to make them proud, and to build a world for their love, and for their children to grow into. Even Lorelai, as annoying as she could be at times, had potential he hoped to draw out. What had her father, King Breon, said to him at the wedding? She has a good heart, when she makes the effort to listen to it. She simply needs the experience of being in a place where she is not the constant center of attention. So far, that seemed about right. The brattiness was still there, but Thomas had begun to sense that the beautiful Elven Princess was starting to understand that not everything revolved around her. And she was still here.Everyone who called Thomas King deserved an opportunity to live in joy and hope for the future.Chaos stirred, drawing his eyes across all the lush curves, fine features, and smooth, flawless skin. They won’t mind if you wake them, it seemed to say.His desire was right. Not only would none of them mind, three of them – Ginger, Bella, and Lorelai – would jump at the chance to finally be with him. But then four hours or more of his morning would be gone, and he still wouldn’t know what was bothering him.Tearing his eyes away from the heap of feminine flesh, Thomas padded across the room. Their sleeping chamber was one of the largest rooms in the palace after the great hall below. The grand, oversized bed took up much of the space. Goblins took their king’s bedroom activities seriously, and the bed reflected that. Even with eight people atop, it felt cozy rather than stuffed.New furniture filled the rest of the room. Among it were the chests and wardrobes of his wives. Hints of lace, stolen from Earth or made using new goblin techniques, peeked from Emily and Lulu’s chests. Candi had a rack of leather and latex outfits hanging above hers. Laylana, who kept most of her things in her grove, had only a small wooden chest with a few bits of intimate apparel.So far, while they slept with Thomas at night, Bella, Ginger, and Lorelai didn’t keep their things in the royal bedroom. Thomas had yet to cement a genuine relationship with any of the three, though they were certain that the time would come.No need to rush the romance, he told himself, even as he pictured Bella’s wardrobe dripping with corsets, stockings, and all sorts of black lingerie.His chaos surged again at the idea. There was just something about her pale-skinned, dark-haired look that he’d come to enjoy a lot more recently. It didn’t hurt that the goth beauty was incredibly competent and driven, yet showed signs of intense eagerness in their bedroom play. He’d seen her in combat, seen her skills at scouting and subterfuge. She’d been a key part of Lulu’s success in investigating the many threats against him. And then, as if triggered by those thoughts, Thomas’s dream snapped back into focus. Every word Reginald and the mysterious woman had said became crystal clear.“The dungeon core,” he said, not whispering. With a gesture, he summoned his Royal Tablet, and the artifact appeared out of the air. Glowing with a golden light, framed in elaborate engravings reminiscent of ancient goblin craftsmanship, it snapped into his hand.He concentrated, and the display adjusted to display four menu items:·         City Management·         Inner Circle Missives·         Vassal Management·         Military AssignmentsHe focused on Military Assignments, and that menu populated with additional options.·         Contact Commander [Umadin]·         Emergency Troop Assignment·         Standing Troop Assignments·         Deployments and Settlement Details·         Sort and Search by Vassals with Combat ClassesUmadin, Thomas’s father, was stationed in Wubgug with Chef Mama. Fortunately, the Tablet network allowed remote communication and task management.With a thought, Thomas sent an urgent message to his father. As he imagined the words, they appeared on his Tablet faster than he could have typed them.Thomas: I believe something is happening in Lotta Tot. I had a dream, and now I have a bad feeling about the Dungeon Core. Can you help arrange some troops?Umadin’s reply came almost immediately.Umadin: I was just about to send you a message. Several patrols have reported loud noises coming from the main dungeon entrance. I’m coordinating a response now, and I’ll arrange for trolls and a few succubi to meet you there. They are all high level and could be useful in a pinch.Although they hadn’t been father and son for very long, the general knew better than to tell Thomas not to go himself, despite the risk. He’d been king before Thomas, and he understood Thomas’s need to face the threats to his people and kingdom head-on.Thomas: I’ll be there in a bit.When he looked up from the tablet, he wasn’t surprised to see Belladonna, Lulu, and Candi all awake and rising from the bed. Even Ginger, still yawning sleepily, fluttered just above Candi’s shoulder.Whispering, Candi said, “My husband, what is amiss?”He forced himself not to gawk at his lovely and still very naked ladies. Lowering his voice to not wake Emily or Lorelai – whose snoring continued unabated – he explained what was going on.“We need to get on this, now.”None of them questioned his decisions. In a flash, they quickly dressed and gathered their gear. Lulu donned her assassin garb as Bella and Ginger went to their rooms. Candi pulled on an armored latex vest he hadn’t seen before. It was form fitting and comfortable, but had magical reinforcements sewn across vulnerable areas.Neither Emily nor Lorelai stirred as they got ready, and he opted to let them rest. Lorelai was still next to useless in a crisis, and Emily had been up with Scarlett. If something bad happened, his Seneschal could handle the cleanup remotely with her tablet. Between that and their baby, she would have a full day. Bella and Ginger rejoined the group along with Teelah, whom Bella had apparently woken up. When the group was ready, the Goblin King led them out of the castle.

Chapter 2: Monsters and CoresOver the months of cleaning up and exploring Lotta Tot, Thomas and his Vassals had discovered multiple entrances to the mysterious areas beneath the city. In ancient times, an advanced civilization of enlightened goblins had built a vast metropolis there. The dungeon – or dungeons if Thomas’s dream was to be believed – lay beneath those ruins.        Thomas’s goblin research crews had determined the easiest access points were through the dozens of bathhouses scattered around the city. The water flowed slowly out of them, so a good swimmer could descend without too much effort. Thirty feet down, the baths connected to a network of channels that ultimately led to large reservoirs in the catacombs that fed into the ancient city.There were other, less-soggy ways to get there, though. The simplest was an ancient spiral stairwell next to what had once been the great goblin library. Long forgotten, Thomas’s crews had unearthed the staircase during the city’s renovation process. It had since been completely renovated, and the area around it had been built up into a defensive structure by Candi’s dwarven masons. The structure was now staffed continuously by Umadin’s elite guards.The guards and fortifications were less to keep people from going down the stairwell and more to keep anything in the Chaos Core from coming up. Thomas had yet to investigate the Core personally, but neither he nor his father were ignorant of the danger. Dungeon Cores and monster attacks went hand-in-hand. There was still plenty of work to do to restore Lotta Tot to its former glory, and the last thing Thomas needed was to have some slavering beast rampaging through the center of the city.It was dark outside, with hours to go before dawn, but none in his group struggled with the lack of illumination. Even Bella, who was a human, kept up without effort. Between Lulu’s training and her class, the former barista had become quite the assassin.They made it to the guardhouse, where they were met by six succubi, a detachment of four-armed troll soldiers in full plate armor, and another unit of red-skinned lava goblins. Briar and Thorn led the succubi, who appeared to be women wrapped in full-coverage, leathery robes. Most were of a height with him, although one pair were closer to four feet tall. All were gorgeous, albeit in very different ways. Succubi were created from the dreams and fantasies of mortal men. Raw human lust was a fundamental aspect of their shaping, and it was reflected in their physiology. One was thick and muscular with broad shoulders, while another was petite and bald.Compared to the beautiful succubi, the trolls and goblin troops were downright hideous. Candi’s troll warriors all had four arms with heads that were sunken into their chests. They had no ears, only holes, and wore fitted caps over the openings to help muffle loud noises. Their bodies were covered in growths that vaguely resembled rocky calluses.The lava goblins were much smaller, but no less impressive. None of them rose past four feet, but after Umadin’s training, they now looked less like excrement-covered rats and more like tiny, elite ninjas. They had muscular, scarred physiques and bright yellow or red eyes. Like the trolls, they’d come fully armed and armored – many lava goblins were skilled smiths – though their armor was much lighter than what the trolls wore.“Sire,” the largest goblin said, moving up in front of the troops. “Gobbo-Troll squad Bee-Two here. Commander Umadin sent us to help.” He hooked a clawed thumb at the troll next to him. “This Bigg’un. He was one who went with Moxie and Hammy-Todd to secure this entrance weeks ago. Do you know bad thing is down there?”“No. I had a dream. I think Reginald teleported people in to attack us. If he went for the heart of our domain, whoever is down there has to be powerful.”“That sounds like he hired mercenary adventurers, Sire,” Briar said, lifting her forked trident with one hand. The motion momentarily caused her leathery cape-wings to part, revealing the subtle swell of her pregnancy. Like many of his allies, she was pregnant with his child. Despite that, she showed no hesitation to defend him and the capital. “Reginald is known to support branches of various guilds and temples in his lands. That means any adventurers he sent will probably be Tablet Wielders like you.”“Adventuring Tablets, though,” he asked, “right? Not quite the same thing?”“Correct. They have a combat focus. They’re for killing people, not managing them. But not everyone who calls themselves an adventurer carries a Tablet. Only ones with a benefactor, or who achieve certain heroic feats usually end up with one.”Thorn added, “That, or they killed someone and took the Tablet. But anyway, if Reginald is coming after you here, we should expect an anti-infernal priest to be among this group.”“Anti-infernal?” Thomas asked. “That’s pretty specific.”She made a hand-waving gesture. “Sort of. Mostly, their spells target ‘evil’ beings or what not. Don’t ask me how they define evil or good, that’s above my paygrade. Anyway, their skills work the same against infernals and demons. Regardless, if we encounter one, our group may have to stay back.”“Noted. Thanks for letting me know.”Ginger buzzed over, wearing a fresh pair of plum-purple overalls that hugged her doll-like figure and a belt with fairy-sized tools around her waist. With the tools was a tiny sword that was no larger than a cocktail pick.“Why would they go into the Core, Sire? Won’t it just eat them?”Before Thomas could ask about her blade or any of the others could respond, a thick, gnarled tangle of vines against the building next to the group began to shiver as if some animal was hiding inside it. A moment later, Laylana stepped out of the mass of leaves. The stunning dryad was covered in roses, their thorns tipped with black and silver. She carried a staff of living wood, the top end wrapped around a gleaming gem. She walked up and answered Ginger as if she’d been part of the conversation all along. “It may eat them, or it may strengthen them. Cores are unpredictable.”The collected succubi made gestures of agreement. Briar took a step back, giving the dryad room to speak.“How did you do that?” Thomas asked her. “I thought you traveled by tree.”Laylana smiled and looked back at the thick base of the vines. “Trees, and other things, if the connection is strong enough. But those vines are not quite what they appear to be.” Speaking confidently, she continued. “To answer Ginger’s question, Core monsters will grant experience to Tablet Wielders. Moreover, dungeons generate useful solidified magic. That means magical items related to the Core type. It’s entirely possible that these adventurers will go in, fight a bunch of monsters, and come out stronger and better equipped than when they entered.”She tapped her staff on the ground twice. The gemstone at the top flickered, first with a chaotic frenzy, and then again with a threatening black fire. “We haven’t had time to discuss this sooner, my King, but I spoke with Una and Hammy-Todd, then did my own investigation. There are—““—two Cores?” Thomas finished.Her eyes lit up in surprised delight. “Just so.” A coil of her purple hair bobbed as she tipped her head in a sign of respect. “How did you know that?”“Don’t get too excited,” he said with a laugh. “I had a dream. What can you tell us about these Cores?”“One is Chaotic. The other is pure Demonic. The dangerous thing is that it has a Parasite modifier and has been consuming the Chaos Core.”At the dryad’s announcement, Briar and Thorn both inhaled sharply. “No Demon Core should be so far from the Demon King’s realm,” Thorn hissed. “Do you know how long it’s been here?”A notification blipped, and Thomas glanced at his Tablet just long enough to skim it as she replied.“Parasite Cores exist to consume rival dungeons,” the dryad replied, “and they usually do it rapidly. From what I’ve been able to tell, these two Cores are currently at about equal strength. The Chaos Core must have once been quite potent, since I believe it spawned at least one, if not two, offspring. For them to be on equal footing now suggests that the Parasite Core arrived here about a year ago, a year and a half at most.”Thomas did the math, remembering the overturned wagon found in the purifying waters. This thing had come here around the same time Reginald and the Troll King had begun moving against Umadin and his family. “Are there consequences if this Demonic Core grows stronger?” he asked.Laylana’s face darkened. “Yes. Terrible ones for your people and for Lotta Tot, Sire,” the druid said somberly. “I believe we still have time to act, otherwise I would have come sooner.”“My dream suggested the same thing.”Candi came over, placing a hand on Laylana’s arm. As a Painlasher, she had intimate knowledge of anatomy and avoided the thorns with little effort. “How did you know to meet us here? Not that I mind at all, but I saw our husband sending messages and did not see one for you.”The dryad motioned to the vines behind her. “Umadin asked me and my sisters to provide a secondary layer of defense to the Cores, among other places around the city. So we placed vines like those where they would be most useful. The vine network notifies us if things go awry. So when the commotion began tonight, I knew. Cores are natural phenomena and fall within the Nature, Magic, and Monster domains. Given that our King has no true mages among his vassals in the capital, it is my responsibility to help my family with such things as best I can.”Ginger let loose with a yelp of excitement as she fluttered around them. “Yeah! We got the hottest fuckin’ team ever together! We’re the squad with the perkiest tits! Now let’s get down there and fuck some bitches up.” She landed on Thomas’s shoulder and dropped her voice to a purr intended for just him and his women. “So you can finally fuck me up tonight.”Shooting an amused look at the fairy, Thomas turned and smiled at Laylana. “Thank you for joining us, love.” To the goblins and trolls, he said, “I’m going to work with Umadin to ensure you all get maximum experience. Expect your tasks to continue to come from him for the most part. Bee-Two, take your group down and secure the first area below. Briar and Thorn, if you’ll have your ladies on the lookout for magical surprises, I’d be grateful.” “Sire?” Lulu gestured. “I feel like we’ve skipped over something very important here. Why would you risk yourself personally in such a dangerous situation when you have us to deal with this?”Thomas nodded to her, holding up his Tablet and showing everyone his newest notification.“This is why.”Incursion Notification: You have successfully uncovered a secret attack from a rival Royal Tablet Wielder you are at [War] with. Because of your status as the [Defender], your Vassals and Inner Circle members who are directly involved in defeating this attack will receive 75 experience points. Bonus Conditions: If you personally lead the defensive action, you and all supporters will receive an additional 100 experience points. This bonus is on top of any experience points gained from defeating monsters in the dungeon or overcoming enemy Adventurers (which will yield a significant bonus as well). Note that while you must be present, you need not engage directly in combat.Lulu let out a little whine of protest. “Sire, I don’t think a little experience is worth risking your life.”“Read the text again. It says me and everyone involved will receive the bonus. Lulu, that’s all of you, plus a group of my elites. It’s huge, and it will go far to help shore up our ranks for the next attack. I have to go. It would be irresponsible for me to stay back while the women I love risk their lives. I don’t have to fight, I just need to be there in the back leading the engagement. I’ll leave actual fighting to the combat experts like you.”When Lulu opened her mouth to protest again, Candi took a small step over, putting her hand on the shorter woman’s arm.“Lulu, he’s right. We’re on the brink of open war with a dangerous foe. While we’re stronger than we were, Reginald clearly has not been idle. Even with all the good Thomas has done, the gap between us and Reginald’s potential capabilities is large, assuming I understand our husband’s dream correctly. It’s obvious that Reginald has help we were not aware of. We’re talking about an amount of experience points that might take a year for some to earn, and that’s training diligently.”Lulu’s expression of concern began to soften.“And,” the Troll Queen added, “he will not lack for protection. We have the troops with us, and Briar and Thorn are capable Vassals in their own right.”The succubi leaders nodded. “We’re pregnant, not dead,” Thorn said. “We have access to useful spells and can remain at the back to protect him. If we have to flee, we will.” There was no fear in her voice, nor was there any hint of shame at the idea of running away. Thomas said nothing, because he understood. They were in Lotta Tot to help the Infernal Queen grow her ranks of succubi. While they were willing to help him, they were not going to put their children at risk – not that he wanted them to. Outside of bedroom activities, the infernal women were highly pragmatic creatures.He looked around to see if there was any further argument. With everyone in agreement, he quickly relayed what was happening to Umadin. His father replied in a few moments.Umadin: You’re taking a calculated risk, though it’s a decision any true Goblin King would make. I’m surprised you’ve grown into your chaos and confidence this quickly, but I’m proud of you. I’ll manage the troops. I have three Vassals among them and have commanded Bee-Three and Bee-Four to join you. That’ll be over a hundred of our best troops all in line to defend you and earn at least a level’s worth of experience points.Thomas felt a swell of pride at his father’s words. Thomas: How long will it take for the other units to arrive?Even as he sent the message, the sound of footfalls rose from a nearby street. Within any settlement he controlled, Thomas’s people were lightning fast, and Umadin had clearly been prepared to react.Thomas’s Tablet popped up a new notification, giving him the list of his father’s assignments. He’d labeled the information as “Incursion Defense Force Breakdown.” Thomas skimmed it quickly, then stepped up to the entrance to the stairwell.When Umadin had had the defensive structure built, Vesta, their resident Chaos Shaman, had installed spell seals. A rough charcoal outline concealed a magic symbol keyed to Thomas’s chaos. Putting his palm against it unlocked the bolts on the heavy iron doors below with a loud clicking sound.“Okay, I unlocked the door.” He waved at the goblins and trolls. “I’ll trust you to follow your General’s orders.”A troll the size of a tank grunted, throwing an arbalest over his shoulder as he made his way down the stairs. Another troll followed, and then three goblin archers scrambled down behind them. The pattern, trolls, then goblins, repeated as they descended.Thomas watched the procession for a moment before he got to work.Immediate Task: Look for traps or mechanisms that could be useful.Assigned to: GingerEstimated Time to Completion: N/AEstimated Risk: High.Potential Rewards: Low-to-high (5-150 experience points, depending on the findings)Immediate Task: Protect and Heal the InjuredAssigned to: LaylanaEstimated Time to Completion: N/AEstimated Risk: Medium-to-low.Potential Rewards: Moderate (10-50 experience points per encounter)He saw Lulu assigning tasks to Belladonna and Teelah, so he didn’t try to overlap with her. Based on the notifications at the top of his Tablet, he knew Candi and Umadin were working with their units as well.Confident that he’d milked every opportunity for advancement, Thomas waited until the troops were a minute or so ahead before following them down. As he did so, Ginger buzzed by his shoulder and darted ahead.“Hey! Where are you going?” he called, suddenly worried for her safety.The voluptuous fairy fluttered back, mouth open as if she was on the cusp of another foul-mouthed retort. Instead, as she took in his concerned expression, whatever she’d been about to say died in her throat and her face lit up in excitement. “You’re worried about me?” she gasped.“Uh. Yeah.”“That’s so hot.” She closed in until she was hovering right in front of his face. “That is such a fucking turn-on, baby. I am going to wreck you tonight.” This close, Thomas realized he could see her tiny nipples standing out against her overalls.“But what are you doing?”Ginger leaned in and planted a little kiss on the end of his nose. “Remember, silly? I can go invisible. If you want me to scout for mechanisms, like traps and shit, I need to be ahead. I’ll be fine, I promise.”“We’ll follow along with her, Sire,” Lulu said. As Ginger buzzed off, she, Bella, and Teelah all moved ahead, leaving Thomas with Candi, Laylana, and the succubi.Briar and Thorn tilted their heads together. They were both admiring Candi’s whip, their expressions a shade warmer than he’d have expected given the circumstances.“Ladies,” Candi said, giving them both a flirtatious, yet firm, look. “Serious time first. Feed and play second.”“Mhm. Play.” Briar and Thorn said it at the same time, in an eerily haunting echo. A chorus rose behind them, as the six not-yet-pregnant succubi repeated after them.Rolling his eyes, Thomas finished going down the steps. Candi, Laylana, and the succubi followed.