TITLE: Isekai Emperor Book 1
AUTHOR: Adam Lance & Michael Dalton
SERIES: Isekai Emperor (Book 1)
WORDS EXTRACTED: 6004
============================================================

Isekai Emperor: a LitRPG/Empire Building/Slice of Life/Adventure

From the Authors

Hello! Thank you for reading Isekai Emperor, the first of a planned trilogy (and maybe more). This has been an incredibly fun story to write, and we hope you’ll enjoy it. A few things to note:

This is a GameLit/LitRPG style world, with character levels and classes. It is a romantic-focused story, but we keep the game elements relevant throughout.

Support the Authors and Other Books

Isekai Emperor 2: Unite the Lands is available for pre-order now. Go to this link to find it. We’ll make you a promise: if we hit 300 pre-orders, it’ll tell us you want Isekai Emperor 3 and 4 ;)

You can find Michael’s author page here:

He also has an active Patreon here:

Adam Lance is a member of Pivot Press. You can find Adam’s author profile here:

You can find his Patreon here:

About Pivot Press

Pivot Press is a team of authors, editors, copywriters, and narrators dedicated to producing GameLit and LitRPG content of all genres. It was founded by Aaron Renfroe. You can find their website here:

You can find his author page here:

Blurb?

The Goblin King is cursed, and the land he rules is on the brink of disaster. Thomas Stone, an architect and engineer, is called upon to help rebuild the broken kingdom. After he is transported to the world of the fae, where goblins, elves, celestials, and other strange races are common, he discovers an even more dire problem: population decline.

Many supernatural species, not just the goblins, are suffering from low birth rates.

Faced with long odds and mounting challenges, Thomas must prove himself to the goblins and form alliances with the neighboring fae. To save the kingdom and preserve the integrity of supernatural species, he will act as a mentor, a guide, a planner, and much more.

Only through breeding and insightful leadership will he become the Isekai Emperor.

Join Thomas, his goblin advisor, and his sheep-girl assassin, along with many more on this 4X Progression/LitRPG/GameLit Slice of Life/Non-Traditional Romance adventure series. Wait! There’s more! It’s Isekai, too!

Disclaimer

This is an adult novel and will include mature themes. It’s also goblin-focused and will feature population and city-management elements. We appreciate readers who may have sensitivities to these types of issues. If you have questions about what’s included or not, or how we address them, feel free to pop over to Discord to ask.

A Note on Cosmology

Isekai Emperor shares some elements of the “Adam Lance” supernatural cosmology (you’ll see similarities, and maybe some hints at cameos) in each book. This cosmology is loosely linked. Readers are not expected to have read any other of his books to understand this one. Those who do will, hopefully, enjoy the Easter Eggs we leave here and there.

GameLit Elements

Isekai Emperor includes Progression and GameLit elements, represented by the various cities and villages involved. There will be some city building and maintenance, but not highly detailed “city engineering.” In addition, various characters will have character sheets and attributes that will increase as they achieve their objectives. Most of these objectives will not be combat-oriented.

Definitions

You’ll find a list of terms and their definitions in the Glossary.

chapter

Chapter 1: The Day After

Knock, Knock, Knock!

Thomas woke to the sound of loud rapping on the door to his apartment. He tried to open his eyes, but they were crusted shut by the residue of the previous night. After a moment, the rapping continued.

Knock! Knock!

He heard a perky, high-pitched voice from the hallway outside.

“Mr. Stone, it’s your assistant, Emily! I’m here for your briefing.”

Reaching up, he rubbed his eyes until he could see. Sitting fully upright and workinghis jaw, which felt tight for some reason, he thought, When did I get an assistant? He tried to speak but could only manage an inarticulate grunt. The person outside–it sounded like a young girl–called to him again.

“Sir? Are you okay?”

He realized he was on his couch, not his bed. He looked around at the wreckage of his living room. The coffee table was covered in empty beer cans and liquor bottles, and a stack of mostly empty pizza boxes lay next to it. His most recent designs, the ones that had gotten him fired, lay next to the mess. Somehow, they had remained pristine despite the bender he’d gone on last night.

Thomas worked–or had worked, until yesterday–as an architectural planner for a prestigious firm downtown. He loved his job and was very good at it, but he had ideas that some of his colleagues found unorthodox. After getting promoted to Project Lead last year, he’d begun clashing with his boss over Thomas’s vision for things. Yesterday, he delivered a proposal for an important project that he thought was brilliant, even if it bore no resemblance to what the client had asked for.

“Well, the client is an idiot who has no eye for what this space calls for,” he told his boss, right before he was fired. He’d then gone home and gotten very drunk.

The loud rapping on his door continued. Spying a bottle of water, Thomas grabbed it and forced down a few swallows until he felt like his throat was functional again. Then he angrily threw the bottle at the door.

“Wrong apartment!” he yelled at the girl. “Go away! I don’t have an assistant. I don’t even have a job.” His voice came out thick and syrupy, but at least it worked.

Emily–whoever she was–giggled. The sound was far too bright and cheerful given what he’d just woken up to.

“Sir, as of today, you do. Your father made my assignment official.”

Thomas staggered to his feet. Was he still asleep? No, the pounding of his head said otherwise. Still, this was making less and less sense the longer it went on.

“My father? My father is . . .”

Thomas looked around the room, over the trash, piles of dirty clothes, and electronic debris.

Debris? Wait, what the fuck had happened here? He must have been a lot drunker than he thought. When had he destroyed his PlayStation? Or his laptop? He didn’t remember doing either of those things. Then again, he didn’t remember much of anything after the exit interview, because he’d gone straight to the liquor store after being escorted out of the building.

“Sir?” Emily called insistently. “Please open the door. We have a lot of work to do.”

He rubbed his head in confusion. Clearly, a lot of things had happened while he was unconscious. While exceedingly unlikely, it was remotely possible that he’d somehow gotten himself another job while drunk, and that his father had something to do with it. In any case, the only way to find out was talking to this girl.

Struggling to remain standing, Thomas walked over to the door and unbolted it, peering out into the narrow hall of the apartment complex. He found Emily standing there.

She was…not what he’d been expecting.

For one thing, she was hot. Short red hair framed a painfully adorable face, upturned nose, and full lips. Her build was curvaceous yet lithe, with a truly ridiculous amount of chest squeezed into a skin-tight black top. She wore hip-hugger style jeans that rode very low on her waist, revealing enough pelvis that she might as well have been on the beach.

The other thing he immediately noticed was she was maybe four and a half feet tall. Short-stack was the best way of putting it, but damn, she was tiny.

“Ah,” he said, stammering. “I’m sorry, did you really say my father?”

“Yes, sir.”

Emily spoke brightly, pushing past him and into his apartment. As she walked by, he noticed the clipboard she held in one hand. She frowned as she looked around at the mess.

“Are you sure you have the right guy here?” he asked.

Ignoring the question, she said, “You really went full G-Mode last night, didn’t you? A shame I wasn’t here sooner. But, you know. The impending war.”

Thomas blinked and shook his head for a moment.

“G-Mode? War? What?”

Confusion still filling his head, he walked over to his kitchen and pointed at a framed picture of his parents. They were sharply dressed and stood in front of an embassy in Berlin.

“My dad is a diplomat. He’s in Germany right now. Are you saying he sent you here to me?”

She made the cutest snort he’d ever heard. “No, silly. Those aren’t your real parents. Those are the people the King arranged for you to live with here on Earth. I’m talking about your biological father. King Umadin.”

She took in the look of consternation and disbelief on Thomas’s face.

“Are you trying to tell me I’m adopted, and my father is a king?” he asked. He looked around at the wreckage of his apartment. He suddenly wanted another drink, but it appeared he’d finished every drop the night before. No wonder his head hurt. “Yeah, that’s going to be a ‘no’ from me, dog.”

Emily took a step closer and patted his arm.

“You’ll understand much better once I take you over to the Fae Wilds. Trust me.”

“Fae Wilds?” Perplexed, hungover, and tired of being confused, Thomas shook his head. “Look. I haven’t even had any coffee yet. I refuse to process any of this insanity until I’ve had coffee. A lot of it.”

He grabbed the beans from the freezer and reached for the coffee pot–only to realize that he’d destroyed his coffeemaker as well. He groaned loudly.

“Fuck. I must have been really drunk.” He paused again. “Is the Fae Wilds a coffee shop, by any chance?”

“No,” Emily said as he stared down into her prodigious cleavage. Not only did she not seem to mind, she also stuck it out further as he looked at her. “We don’t have coffee across the Veil.”

“Going to have to address that, then.”

They would need to go out for coffee. Thomas took a step toward the door, then stopped when he saw himself in the mirror over his couch.

He wore the same suit he’d had on yesterday, which was now rumpled and disheveled. Well, the top half of it, at least. His pants had gone missing, and his dark blue boxers were askew, pinched tightly against his crotch. He smelled like booze and drunk sweat, and he presented an appearance that was perfectly in sync with how his night had apparently gone.

“I need coffee,” he muttered, “but I have to get cleaned up and dressed before we do anything else. I can’t go outside like this.”

Putting the clipboard down, the girl rocked forward on her toes. She was already wearing high heels, but the motion added another couple of inches to her height. Mostly, the posture thrust her impressive breasts toward his face, as if he hadn’t already gotten the memo that she wanted him to look at them.

“I’d be happy to help you get cleaned up and dressed, Prince Thomas. It would be an honor.” She made a delightful little squeal. “I’ve been waiting to do this for so long!”

Thomas considered the girl and his options. Yesterday, he’d been fired from his job. He currently had no prospects that he was aware of. Not only was he single, but his parents were also across the world on assignment.

On any other day, he might have considered Emily’s presence in his apartment some sort of prank or maybe even a scam. This didn’t feel like either. Whatever was going on, Emily appeared to be convinced he was someone he wasn’t.

What’s the harm in entertaining her? he thought. She’s hot and it’s not like I have anything better to do.

He looked at the clock on the wall in his kitchen, one of the few things he hadn’t broken last night. It was ten-fifteen. He figured he could humor her for a short period of time before he had to sit down and start looking for another job.

“All right. Emily, how about this? You wait out here.” He waved at his living room. “I’m going to take a shower and get myself halfway presentable. Then we can go get coffee. If you promise to not try to sign me up to any subscription services or send my money to an African prince, I’m happy to spend half an hour listening to whatever sales pitch you’ve got going on here.”

The petite girl deflated, pouting at him and thrust her chest out a bit more. Huffing, she said, “If you won’t let me help you get ready, I’ll work on your apartment. Have fun in your shower, Sire!”

It’s like she didn’t even hear the rest of what I said. Shaking his head, Thomas went into his bedroom to get.

In contrast to the alcohol-fueled disaster in the rest of the apartment, his bedroom was as tidy and clean as it usually was. Everything was in its proper place. Both bedside tables had little architectural models of neighborhoods he’d designed.

His attention slid across some of his more innovative, controversial pieces. Seeing his creations drew a pang of regret as the depths of his predicament sank in. Why had he thought it would be okay to turn those plans over to his boss? Most of the time, Thomas had enough discipline to control the strange urges that had always lurked beneath the surface when he worked on a new design. This time, he’d given in, thinking he would finally be able to convince the client to see his vision.

It had been a mistake, a potentially career-ending one. He and his boss had exchanged some choice words at his departure, and that bridge had dropped, flaming uncontrollably, into the river behind him. He could only hope the firm wouldn’t share what had happened.

Groaning, Thomas peeled off the remains of his ruined suit and climbed into the shower. He spent a few minutes trying to scrub off his hangover as best he could. Once that was done, he felt just a little better. Shaving and combing his hair, he centered himself on the present. Forgoing a business suit during the week for the first time in months, he went with khakis, a collared polo, and comfortable shoes.

Thomas finally walked back out to the living room to see what this girl wanted from him.

“Emi—”

He stopped short.

Everything in his living room had changed. It wasn’t just neat and tidy again. Things were different. The longer he looked around, the more oddities he discovered. The PlayStation had been repaired, but now labeled the “AwesomeStation.”

She’d fixed his laptop as well and somehow even repaired the screen. It was turned on, but the bright pink, anime-style background wasn’t his. None of the icons looked right, either. The coffeemaker was repaired, but it was now bright green.

The only thing that looked normal were his building models and designs. Those were framed against a wall. Fantastical towers overlooked a shopping complex that looked like it had been designed for children. Instead of elevators, slides decorated the sides of many of the buildings. Playgrounds with features scaled to adult sizes wove through forested paths that connected the various bits of the complex. To top it off, each building had a distinct size and shape. One labeled “Restaurants” had a vague bowl and cup design built into the structure.

“How…?” he gasped.

Then he noticed Emily was different, too. She now wore tight jean shorts that laced up the hips. She dusted off her hands.

“Well? What do you think? Did I do a good job, Sire?”

Thomas blinked in utter disbelief for several seconds. He’d been in his bedroom for twenty minutes at most. How had she done all this? Struggling for something to center himself on, he finally focused on her change in attire.

“Weren’t you wearing jeans?”

“Oh, yeah. Had to change those. You know how it is. Once you start workingwith magic, you want as much airflow as you can get.”

Thomas blinked again. Well, yes, magic seemed like the only explanation for how this girl had repaired all the broken electronics and cleaned up the drunken mess he’d made, all while he was taking a shower.

“Magic? Airflow?” Nothing makes sense, he thought as he continued looking over his living room. Everywhere he looked, there were more oddities. The empty beer bottles he’d left piled on the floor had been fused into an elaborate glass sculpture. It was a perfect match for the now-framed design on the wall.

He pointed at it, grunting in disbelief. Emily beamed at him.

“Do you like it?”

“You…duplicated it perfectly?”

“Yeah. We’re really good at workingwith schematics, especially ones that have some chaos in them.” Flushing with pride, she rolled onto the tips of her toes again, bouncing back and forth as if eager for praise. Just when he thought he was getting used to the woman’s distracting cleavage, he found his attention drawn back to her enthusiastically buoyant chest. “Did I do good?”

“Uh. Yeah. This is…incredible.” Thomas looked at the clock. There was no way she’d cleaned all this up and created an elaborate glass sculpture in just over twenty minutes.

Ignoring the question, Emily went from fidgeting to clapping and jumping up and down. “I made the Sire happy! I made him hap-hap-happy!” She broke into cheerleader-style maneuvers, arms folding to create the shapes for letters that didn’t spell anything.

“Emily.”

She kept bouncing and cheering. The tips of her breasts abruptly pebbled against her top, making it obvious that she wasn’t wearing a bra under her tight black shirt.

Those things are bigger than her head, he thought. How are they so perky?

Forcing the thirsty thoughts aside, Thomas tried a firmer tone. “Emily, please stop. I still need coffee. Let’s walk and talk, okay?”

“Of course, Sire! Anything for you.”

She made a rolling motion with her hand and the clipboard was suddenly in her grasp again, as if it had reappeared out of thin air.

Thomas blinked.

She…she must have had it tucked into the back of her shorts. Except, she’d just been jumping around, and her shorts were so tight there was no way anything as big as a clipboard was getting between them and her tight, rounded butt.

Forgetting Emily’s curvaceous behind for the moment, Thomas studied the clipboard. It was one thing to wake up and see his living room redecorated. It was possible this whole thing was just some elaborate prank. He might be in the middle of some dumb reality show, and what he thought she’d repaired had just been replaced by a whole crew of people who came in while he was showering. Even the sculpture could be explained–he’d shown that design to a few people.

What he’d just seen her do was different.

“Do that again,” he said, pointing.

“Do what, Sire?”

“What you just did with the clipboard. Where was it?”

“The Tablet?”

“The clipboard.”

“Oh.” She looked down at it quizzically. “Of course.” With a tossing motion, she made the clipboard vanish. Then, with another flourish, she brought it back.

He gaped at her. This wasn’t sleight of hand. She hadn’t stuck the screen anywhere. He’d seen it vanish.

“Do it again.”

She did. Then, walking over to him, she held it out. “It’s not yours yet, but you can interact with it. Give it a try.”

Thomas accepted the little device. It felt real. Looking down, he saw the surface flicker, as if what he was holding wasn’t a clipboard at all. Beneath were words made of glowing golden light.

“Just let go. It will vanish,” Emily said. “Then it’ll return to me, since it’s assigned to me. You can’t steal Tablets.”

Thomas felt light-headed. He did as she directed, letting go of the device as if to drop it on the floor. Instead, it vanished again, reappearing in her hand in an instant.

Magic? He was still badly hungover, so maybe he was hallucinating. Whatever it was, he had no explanation for what he’d just seen. Taking an uneven breath, he said, “Okay, now that we’ve confirmed all is not normal in my world, I’m ready for that coffee.”

Emily frowned daintily. “Only, um, I don’t have any money. That’s one of the reasons your father summoned you home.”

Thomas shook his head.

“I can afford coffee. Especially for whatever insanity is going on here.”

They left his apartment and went outside.

“So,” Emily said on the way down, “You probably don’t know this, since it was kept from you, but your father is the Goblin King. Your mother was a human woman he fell in love with during one of  his visits to Earth. I guess that technically makes you a half-blood prince.” She giggled, as if she’d made a truly hilarious joke.

“Uh huh. Sure. And I’m the ‘chosen one’?”

“Yes! You’re critically important to our future.”

Thomas nodded along, content to let this strange girl spin her bizarre story as they left the apartment complex and walked down the sidewalk toward his favorite coffee shop. It was a nice day, and the sky was bright blue and clear, with just a hint of chill in the air. The walk, plus the company, warmed him nicely. If Emily felt the chill at all, it didn’t show beyond the obvious, distracting bits.

Yes, a nice, normal day except for the gorgeous-but-completely-insane girl beside him.

“There are rules about offspring and inheritance,” Emily went on. “Goblin royalty is expected to reproduce as often as possible, but they may only marry certain people. King Umadin didn’t have a choice. He kept your mother with him as a consort, but you had to go back to Earth where you’d be safe. None of your siblings would have accepted you, especially not the pureblood ones.”

“Makes perfect sense. I’m half-goblin, half-human, and I was sent to Earth to keep me safe from my siblings, because they might have killed me to keep me off the throne? Please tell me there’s no exploding planets or crystal bassinets.”

He was trying to sound sarcastic, but Emily took it at face value. Bobbing her head rapidly, she replied, “That’s it precisely! And no, no crystal bassinets. Some faeries use those, but not us. Goblins aren’t a warring people, but there are things they will fight brutally over. Land and succession are two of those things.”

“And you mentioned that my ‘real father,’ the King, chose the family who adopted me?”

“Correct. Chaos spoke to his heart and told him that if you could learn human diplomatic skills, it could be useful for the family once your heritage woke up.”

This is bananas. Even if magic or whatever is real, this is bonkers. Trying to make sense of the increasingly unlikely story, he asked, “And that’s why you’re here? To bring me back so I can be useful for the family?”

Watching her face, he expected the façade to break. Whoever this girl was, whatever game she was playing, she was good at it. But no matter what had happened back at the apartment, this charade had to end soon. Didn’t it?

Emily sighed. “Ah, I wish it was that simple. There are lots and lots of complications. You’ll see.”

They arrived at the coffee shop. It was a large building, with a roaster out back and a small patio area next to the curb, although the chill kept anyone from sitting outside.

Wandering inside, he ordered two coffees. Emily stayed with him, looking around the quaint room with wide, curious eyes. They found an open table and sat down.

“This is…incredible. It smells like Crisp. This isn’t Crisp, is it?” She inhaled deeply, pupils dilating. The corners of her mouth twitched as her pink tongue flashed out, sampling the air.

Is it me or does she suddenly look high? Is Crisp Fae Molly? “You don’t have coffee in magical goblin land?”

Emily shook her head enthusiastically. “No. The kingdom is quite rural, and in a considerable state of disrepair. Your father has been a kind and noble ruler, but . . .” She bit her lip, looking down as if embarrassed. “The Chaos, you see. Sometimes, we go G-Mode, and we just can’t help ourselves. Things break down. Plus, our enemies raid our lands all the time.”

“You keep saying that. What does ‘G-Mode’ mean?”

“It’s short for Goblin Mode. It means letting the Chaos in you out. You’ve been doing that in your designs for a while, Sire. And last night you went full G-Mode. That’s why you wrecked your home the way you did, and it’s what told the King it was time to bring you home. Well, that and the rest of it.”

Some of Thomas’s certitude began to crack. Last night was completely out of character for him. He’d never been much of a drinker, not even in college. He’d had a calm, stable childhood with calm, even-tempered parents who never drank to excess. Then he went off to a prestigious college to study civil engineering, and he’d spent most of his calm, stable free time scribbling and sketching his ideas.

He couldn’t remember the last time he’d been as drunk as he was last night. To be honest, he wasn’t sure he’d ever been that drunk. He’d certainly never gotten wasted and trashed his apartment before.

Whether he was a goblin or not, “going G-Mode” was an accurate description of what he’d done last night.

The barista, a cute goth girl with an impressive collection of tattoos and piercings, smiled at the two of them as she brought out their coffee. Emily returned the smile with a wink. Chuckling despite himself, Thomas escorted his little “goblin” assistant outside, where they sat at one of the tables.

“Okay. So I’m getting a picture here. To recap, I’m a prince in hiding, the kingdom is in peril, and my real father wants me to return home to be a diplomat. Is that it?”

“It’s a lot more than that, I’m afraid.”

“Go on.”

“Your siblings. I don’t know how to say this nicely, but they passed away.”

“They did?” He still didn’t believe anything he was hearing, but the concept of having, then losing, siblings, made him feel distinctly uneasy. Whatever this game was, it had to end soon. Swallowing back a hint of anger, he demanded, “What happened to them?”

“Dragon taunting.”

“Dragon taunting?”

“It’s a game goblins play. It involves going out into the wilderness and finding a dragon. The first goblin who gets it to wake up wins.”

Thomas stared down at her. He kept thinking this story of hers couldn’t get any more insane, and then she kept talking.

“My siblings. All of them. Went out to taunt a dragon?”

“Goblins are competitive. We don’t like to lose.”

Taking a sip of his coffee, Thomas considered just standing up and walking away. Something kept him from doing so, and it wasn’t just Emily’s beauty. Most of his life had been boring and plain.  Something this . . . interesting was better than the alternative. “I am competitive,” he allowed.

Eyeing her coffee, Emily politely pushed it away. “I’ll try this another time.”

“Sure, no pressure. Besides, that’s more for me.” He took the cup, putting it beside his. “You were saying?”

“Oh, yeah! Your siblings found a really big dragon. As it turns out, the dragon was busy trying to convince a princess to sleep with it. When the family interrupted the courtship, the princess got away.” She made a fist and brought it down into her open palm. “None of them won that game.”

Thomas felt a little dizzy–both at the casualness of her proclamation about his so-called kin dying, and at the implausibility of the story. “How old were they?”

“Your age and older, Sire. Your father’s condition set in shortly after he returned with your mother. It has been the greatest tragedy we’ve known for generations. Goblin Kings have a duty to their people. The magic in their seed makes our people strong and versatile. Without it, we stagnate.”

“Okay, sure. Makes sense. Droit du seigneur and all that.” He took a sip of his coffee, letting the dark notes soothe his nerves. It wasn’t that Emily’s company was problematic. Quite the opposite. She was adorable and sexy, and in the short time they’d been together here, she’d been fun, engaging, and flirty.

It was simply the fact that she was so obviously nuts that kept him from being more interested in what she had to offer. With half his coffee gone, Thomas sighed, deciding the games had to come to an end. He needed to call her bluff.

“Okay, let’s say I believe everything you’ve just told me, and I agree to do what you’re asking of me. What’s next? What if I go home and accept whatever task my ‘real father,’ the King, has for me? Do I get to breed a bunch of cute goblin girls too?”

Emily squealed in delight and bounced her chair several times. Thomas’s eyes bounced up and down with her.

“Oh, yay! Yes, that’s it exactly, my Prince! This was so much easier than I thought. I didn’t think you would ever believe me.” She passed him the clipboard. “Here. This is a contract. Once you sign, it’ll awaken your sovereign magic and allow you to cross back into the Fae Wilds. Just sign it, and we’ll go on over.”

He looked down at the paper attached to the clipboard. It read:

I, Thomas Stone, son of Umadin, King of all the Goblins, do agree to have my magic fully awakened. I understand that this will unleash my true goblin heritage and make me eligible to inherit the kingdom.

Thomas had no experience with contracts or the law, but this didn’t appear to present any actual risk that he could perceive. He inspected the paper, flipping it over and back to make sure there was no hidden text anywhere. That Emily had been trying to scam him all this time would neatly explain most–if not all–of her bizarre behavior.

But, despite the odd chill descending into his stomach, there was nothing else to it. Neither Nigerian princes nor extended auto warranties were anywhere on the paperwork. All he found was crazy nonsense about becoming King of all the Goblins. And since goblins didn’t exist, this had to be harmless.

Right?

“Uh, okay, sure. Whatever.” Part of him felt sad that he was about to end the charade. Emily was gorgeous, and spending time with a random manic pixie–or goblin–dream girl was probably just what he needed to get over having his life turned upside down.

But he knew it was time to get back to his apartment and start finding a new job. His parents would want to hear the news. Maybe he’d move in with them and take a few months to get back on his feet. That wouldn’t be so bad, would it?

Emily gave him a pen. “Sign here.”

“It’s been really nice meeting you,” he said, signing along the dotted line.

Then something very strange happened.

Just as he completed his signature, the clipboard changed. It became a sheet of glowing glass, with a screen like some sort of tablet. The screen flickered, and a column of text appeared on it. Frowning, he leaned in to read it.

He saw a list, what seemed to be a description of attributes and skills.

Magic rose in him like an explosive force, tearing the world away.

Starting Character Sheet: Thomas Stone

Age: 25

Level: 1

Class: Not Specified

Current Experience: 0

Species: Half-Goblin

Hit Points (Endurance + Level): 12

Mana (Magic + Level): 10

Attributes

·         Cunning: 13

·         Discipline: 14

·         Strength: 8

·         Endurance: 11

·         Chaos: 12

·         Magic: 9

·         Agility: 8

Core Skills:

Note: Your core skill scores add to your existing capabilities with supplemental, magical, benefits.

·         City Planning and Development (1)

·         Architecture and Engineering (1)

·         Diplomacy (1)

Chapter 2: Your kingdom is in Peril

As the flash of magic faded, Thomas found himself…somewhere else.

Well, sort of. Most of the coffee shop, including some of the sidewalk, was still there. The rest of the city was simply gone. He looked around, stunned. He was still sitting on the same chair and at the same table. In fact, everything in a thirty-foot radius was an exact duplicate of its Earth counterpart. The asphalt of the road, two mostly intact cars, and almost all the coffee shop remained as it had been.

Everything beyond that was a verdant forest. In the distance, barely visible between the trees, he glimpsed what he took to be a makeshift village, or maybe a small town. From over his shoulder, he heard a sharp cry like a bird or animal, and the sound of something crashing through the underbrush.

Emily still sat across from him, but she had changed, too.

She was still red-haired and cute, but her skin was now a bright shade of green, her hair was longer, and her breasts and butt were even more exaggerated than they’d been before. She rose from her chair, smiling at him. She stretched her arms above her head and turned in a little circle. Thomas couldn’t help but notice the width of her hips compared to the narrowness of her waist had become even more ludicrous.

Seeing him staring at her, she giggled. “Like what you see, my Prince?”

She took a small step closer, fingertips dancing across his arm.

“I was wondering…if you still think this isn’t real, perhaps I could do one more thing to convince you otherwise?”

Her bright eyes–those were noticeably bigger too–slid from his arm to his lap. Then she climbed into it, settling down on his thighs with her enormous rack right in his face.

“You’re…a goblin.”

“Yes! You get it now!”

Thomas took her hand in his and examined the green skin. He turned it over, testing the claw-tipped fingernails to see if they were some sort of prosthetic. They weren’t. Her hand was soft and warm, and it felt perfectly normal.

Other than being green.

He couldn’t help himself. He let go of her hand and reached for one of her breasts. In the back of his mind, he expected her to recoil or slap his hand away. She didn’t. Instead, she just sat there, thrilled excitement filling her eyes as he felt her up.

Her breasts felt real too, as crazy as it seemed. They were firm and perky despite each one of them being considerably larger than her own head. Her proportions were so far beyond any sort of normal human range that it was impossible to think of her as just some extremely short but stacked girl. She was something else entirely.

He let go of her boob and looked around again. Thomas didn’t know what to believe or even how to respond. Everything around him looked and felt real. The air smelled cleaner and crisper. It was warmer, too.

More than either of those things, though, he felt something new surging and churning inside him. It was energetic, vibrant, and encouraged him to listen to his every whim and impulse. The sensation reminded him of his early days as a child, when his parents had sent him to disciplinary school.

As Thomas’s shock ebbed, the awkwardness of the situation became apparent. Emily might have been extremely cute and sexy, but he was still deeply unclear who and what she was. There was still the possibility that she was both a goblin girl and crazy.

You don’t stick your dick in crazy, he thought. At least not until I’m sure where she falls on the hot-crazy axis.