TITLE: King of the Fae Islands Book 2
AUTHOR: Adam Lance & Annabelle Hawthorne
SERIES: King of the Fae Islands (Book 2)
WORDS EXTRACTED: 7352
============================================================

Contents
    
    
      
        
        
          
      
      
      
        King of the Fae Islands, Book 2
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Authors’ Note
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Read Ahead and Support the Authors 
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Reading Order
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 1: Warm, Moist Tunnels
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Milestone 0: Class Recap
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 2: Warning—Dangerous Holes Ahead
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 3: Tickle Her Undersides
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Milestone 1: Fishing Quests
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 4: Ravenna Enjoys it Raw
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 5: So Very Forbidden
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 6: Spice Among the Stacks
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 7: Typophilia
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 8: Please, Sire?
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 9: The Three Holes Problem
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Milestone 2: Updated Character Sheet
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Interlude: His Disturbing Origin Story
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 10: Enflamed Choices
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 11: A King Rises
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 12: Edging Is The Best!
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 13: Smoldering Passion
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Interlude: Puppy Play
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 14: Enough with the Rear Entrance Jokes
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Milestone 3: Lots of Quest Text
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 15: Going Deep
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 16: Take it Slow
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 17: Dirty Luvin’
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 18: Strip Tease
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Milestone 4: Sovereign Touch (Divine Augmentation)
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Interlude: Birth of Leather Daddy
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 19: Sexy Math Time
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 20: Negotiations
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 21: Back to Questing!
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 22: UWU Time to Milk Sire!
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 23: Breedin’ Hooves and Belly Dancers
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 24: Rocks Off
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 25: Boner Pills for Everyone
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Milestone 5: Combat Experience and Character Update
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 26: We’ll Share All Your Creamy Goodness
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 27: Sometimes Sidesaddle is Best
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 28: Deeply Hungry Lady
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 29: Subtle On The Way Down
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 30: Gabriel Gets All The Women
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Milestone 6: Updated Character Sheet
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 31: Getting a Good Grip on Things
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 32: Dancing Fire and Shadow
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Interlude: Ravenna Left It On (Yet Again)
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 33: Poor Wrecked Raven
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Milestone 7: New Gear
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 34: Moo-ounting Action
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 35: Poppin’ Good Time
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 36: So Much Goo
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 37: Gummy, Yummy…
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 38: Our Poor Narrator
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Interlude: Wait, What’s That Monster Called?
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 39: Afterglow
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Milestone 8: Rewards and Updated Character Sheet
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 40: Scaley Boobies
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Interlude: Sexy Serpent Shopping Spree!
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 41: Horny Turtlepile
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 42: Tentacular Insertion
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Milestone 9: Final Quest Summary
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 43: Twitching Piles of Yellow Goo
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 44: Foursome Time?!
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Recap: State of the Settlement (Rank E)
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 45: Burgeoning Tension
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 46: Soapy
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Interlude: Wrong Port!
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 47: Wings and Wardrobe Malfunctions
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 48: Yips in the Night
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 49: An Orgy of Planning
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Interlude: Regrets and Reconnaissance
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 50: Full Gobbomode
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 51: Sexy, Scaly Legs
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 52: More than Adorable
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Interlude: High Sorceress
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 53: Less Smut. More Romance.
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Milestone 10: New Schematics and Settlement Bonuses
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 54: What in the Bechdel Test?! (Ravenna POV)
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 55: Priestess Power (Gemma POV)
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 56: Laying Some Pipe
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Milestone 11: New Quests
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 57: Mischievous Experimentation
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 58: The Moan-ument Rises
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Milestone 12: Updated Character Sheet
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 59: Dirty Hole Shovin’
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 60: Dirty Talk
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Milestone 13: New Magical Schematics
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 61: Don’t Forget (That Ass)
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 62: Who Brought the Wrong Lube?!
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 63: Promises Made, Yips Kept
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 64: Bondage Bunnies
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Interlude: Bouncing Here and There!
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 65: Surprise Squelches!
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 66: Money Shot
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 67: Too Yucky for a Sexual Euphemism (Part 1)
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 68: Still Too Yucky for a Sexual Euphemism (Part 2)
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Milestone 14: Rewards and Updated Character Sheet 
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 69: Nice
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 70: Down the Glory Hole
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Milestone 15: Tier-3 Schematics
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 71: A Deep and Satisfying Probe
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Milestone 16: Very Abbreviated, Updated Character Sheet
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 72: Mounting Excitement
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 73: Love. It’s All for Love.
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 74: An Act of Creation and Submission
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 75: You’re Really Going to Want This on Audio. Seriously.
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 76: Musk. Not Always Sexy.
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Chapter 77: The Land and the King
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Epilogue: Deep, Dank Waters
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        The Shadow-Glazed Avian Fillet
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Appendix 1: Gemma's Guide to Waking Up After A Really Long Nap (Book 1 Summary)
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Final Milestone: Final Character Sheet
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Appendix 2: All Known Schematics (Simplified)
        
        
            
            
            
            
    
      
    
        
        
        
          
      
      
      
        Final Thoughts

King of the Fae Islands 2
          A City-Building LitRPG Fateforged Novel
		      
          Adam Lance, Annabelle Hawthorne
        
        
          
          Pivot Press

Copyright © 2026 by Adam LanceAll rights reserved.No portion of this book may be reproduced in any form without written permission from the publisher or author, except as permitted by U.S. copyright law.

King of the Fae Islands, Book 2A City-Building LitRPG Fateforged Novel

Authors’ NoteWelcome back! As usual, we’re going to place a few disclaimers up front. This is a city-building LitRPG men’s adventure novel. If you’re expecting more of what we gave you in book 1, but bigger and better, you’re in for a treat. If you’re expecting it to morph into a cookbook, well…we do have a recipe in the end. Does that work?We’ve adopted the more popular stance of putting mechanical bits in separate, skippable chapters wherever possible. There are places where schematics and such make more sense in-line with the narrative, so don’t be cross with us when those pop up.Or if you are, visit Discord and tell us all about it.If you need a recap of book 1, we’ve added it at the end of the book, in an Appendix.Pre-Order Book 3: (TBD)P.S. Be sure to read after the appendices for bonus content.

Read Ahead and Support the Authors Both Annabelle and Adam maintain active Discords and Patreons where you can find bonus art of the girls. Adam’s Patreon will include early-release chapters as well. The Discord link for Pivot Press (which hosts Adam and other LitRPG-flavored authors) is here: https://discord.gg/GXn8csy2ggAdam’s Patreon is: https://www.patreon.com/adamlancewritesAnnabelle’s Discord for Wet Leaf Publishing is: https://discord.gg/Qbddh5yaQQHer Patreon is: https://www.patreon.com/sexyannabelle

Reading OrderKing of the Fae Islands  2 takes place after the events of the core Fateforged universe (see below). It kicks off a new, distinct continuity with unique characters and storylines. There may be some cameos or gentle connections, as it takes place in a familiar universe, but this series requires zero homework to enjoy.We promise.If you want the initial chronology of the series, we’ve included it below. Again, none of this is required reading to enjoy this book!Isekai Emperor (1-3): These books kicked the universe off and are foundational. They start at timeline 0 and have ties to Dungeon Champions, Dark City Girls, and Fate’s Enforcer.Dungeon Champions (1-3-Ongoing): These books expand the Fae Wilds and the fantasy world and take place at the same time as Isekai Emperor. The series has connections to Fate’s Enforcer, Isekai Emperor, and (now) Trailer Park Elves. Warning: If you pick this series up, it’s a team builder. Not the kind you should suggest at your workplace; HR will hate it. This story has ALL the LitRPG mechanics and character sheets.Dark City Girls (1-3): This is a grimdark series featuring Zane, a war hero turned retiree who is called back into action. Events in book 2 kick off the Trailer Park Elves “saga” (hehehe, we’re calling it a saga now). It has connections to Fate’s Enforcer and Trailer Park Elves.Fate’s Enforcer (1-3): This is an urban fantasy series that explores what it means to be on the Fates' team. It takes place at “approximately” the same time as Trailer Park Elves. It has connections to Dungeon Champions, Dark City Girls, and Isekai Emperor.Trailer Park Elves (1-6-Ongoing): This series will have cameos from a bunch of other ones, but there are no tight relationships. Timeline Note: Trailer Park Elves is part of a series of events that closed off the end of the timeline (the Fate War).Isle of the Amazonian Elves (1-Ongoing): This series is a breeding (and more serious) companion to King of the Fae Islands and occurs simultaneously with it. It has direct ties to Isekai Emperor and King and references Dungeon Champions. Hex Kittens (1-Ongoing): This is a supernatural series that takes place approximately 1-3 years after the events of Dark City Girls and Trailer Park Elves.

Chapter 1: Warm, Moist Tunnels"Sire, watch your step. It would appear the seals protecting these tunnels have developed leaks over the centuries." Ravenna's French-accented voice echoed across black stone.Traveling a few paces behind the maccari spellcaster, Gabriel adjusted his solar-powered LED lantern. It reflected off the glistening moisture coating ancient black stone. The play of light and shadow reminded him of Ravenna herself, highlighting the stark contrast between her alabaster-pale skin and the dark, satin-like scales covering her arms and legs.The air had changed over the past few minutes. What had started as cool and dry now carried a damp, mineral tang. Water trickled somewhere in the distance, a constant whisper against stone that had echoed through these passages for centuries."I thought the Magic Node maintained this place." He lifted Duskbringer, his enchanted saber, at distant skittering sounds echoing from deeper in the complex.Since arriving on the Fae Islands, he'd learned to expect monsters around every corner. Both Kusk's tainted creations and the mundane magical variety seemed to lurk in every shadow. About half the time, he’d been right."Not every surface is equally warded." Ravenna tucked her wings tightly against her back as she began the steep descent. "We're in Plateau Deci now. This is where the Librium Dessolatus is housed. The majority of the mana will be funneled into its maintenance, not keeping side passages dry."They'd been traveling away from her private chamber for about half an hour, returning to the branching network he'd discovered during his quest to locate and free her. From there, she'd chosen Plateau Desi. A subterranean aquifer at its base had once been well-stocked with fish and other supplies."Librium Dessolatus?" Gabriel tested each slick step with care. Although he possessed augmented physical abilities and magic powers as a Tablet Wielder, none of his gifts made him immune to twisting an ankle. The steps themselves looked hand-carved, their edges worn smooth by countless feet over the centuries. Whoever had built this place had done so with precision, even if time had taken its toll."It's where we kept many of our magical texts. We will need to go there before we fight Kusk's minions.""Why's that?""As I explained, my spells are primarily aligned with illusion and shadow." Her response began hesitantly, then grew fierce. "With access to a combat tome, our enemies will learn what it means to cross a fully trained maccari Sorceress.""Won't it take a long time to learn spells from a book?" Even as he spoke, he knew the words to be true. Magic in the Fae Wilds aligned with traditional, Earth-based fantasy expectations. Learning a single spell could take weeks or months without a Tablet, and that assumed ideal circumstances with a mentor.Thanks to the Legendary Warlock King Glyph he'd earned for freeing Ravenna, Gabriel now possessed Arcane Knowledge. The skill provided a broad understanding of magic, including apparently reflexive insights about spell-learning limitations.Nearly missing a step, Ravenna fought to turn the stumble into a deliberately exaggerated hip swagger. The back flap of her alluring robe slipped far enough to reveal an expanse of taut, alabaster-pale flesh and the bodysuit clinging tightly beneath. "The limitations of lesser beings have never applied to me."With a flash of gentle pink light, Lucielle floated his Tablet into view, the Mana Guide displaying text across the crystal interface in her preferred font.Helvetica, maybe.Reminder: Ravenna and the other priestesses you are working to free were selected as seeds for the future. Although each of them is incredibly gifted, they are inexperienced. From her perspective, she had only recently achieved womanhood and graduated from training. It's natural for her to be vulnerable and brash, and that's before including her species and culture.He appreciated Lucielle's discretion in not saying any of that aloud. Serafina had warned him that Ravenna's people had a troubled past and were known for being competitive. Pointing out that his new companion was the Earth equivalent of a twenty-one-year-old who'd just gotten her driver's license might not be the best idea.It didn't help that the Mana Guide had given Ravenna a full info dump of everything that had happened since his arrival on the islands. The Sorceress would have witnessed his growing relationships with Gemma, Raquel, and even Serafina. To someone competitive, awakening as an outsider to a nascent harem likely didn't feel great.The pair traveled in silence long enough for Gabriel's stomach to begin gnawing at his spine. The descent had been longer and more taxing than he'd expected. His Endurance score meant he could handle the physical strain without breaking a sweat, but his body still demanded fuel. Seeing no immediate danger, he sheathed his saber and tugged his backpack around to his chest. He'd packed slices of meat and braised vegetables for the trip.Pulling two of them free, he offered one to Ravenna with a, “Here.”She paused to accept the food. "If you have these, would you prefer we detour to the Librium first?"He bit into a potato-like vegetable and washed it down with water from a flask. "No. The stuff I brought will go bad in a day or two. We should check on your fish before we're low on resources and facing an army of yackums and whatever else.""There is wisdom in your words." Picking at the roll of food, she settled on a strip of meat. Sharp teeth gleaming behind full, red lips, she tore into several bites before resuming their trek.As they traveled, Gabriel ruminated on what he’d been told about the maccari. According to Serafina and his Tablet, the harpy-raven-human hybrids represented a marriage of dark magic and Emyra's teachings. As a goddess of life and fertility, merging Emyra's philosophy with those of Ravenna's people had resulted in a blending of culture. Her people would not hesitate to use lessons learned from demonic species, including succubi, to achieve their ends. When he’d asked about the alluring robes, Ravenna had explained that there was a difference between using desire as a tool and indulging in it.This led Gabriel to revise some of his assumptions about Emyra. When he’d arrived on the islands, he’d assumed she was a traditionally ‘good’ goddess. That she endorsed the merger of dark magic with the tenets of fertility and growth suggested nuance and depth he had yet to explore.Knowing that helped explain her alliance with Kusk. Well, before the dwarven god’s desire for the goddess drove him mad, anyway.Half an hour into their descent, they came to a widening of the stairwell. A connected tunnel branched left and right, and the temperature had dropped noticeably. Gabriel could see his breath as faint wisps in the lantern light. The aquifer must be close. The sound of flowing water grew louder here, no longer a distant whisper but a steady rush somewhere below."That way is where we can access an entrance to the Librium." Ravenna pointed right. "The left will take us to Plateau Koontash, where we may find other resources to fight the yackums."As the name suggested, the yackums were a group of monstrous, yak-like spellcasters created by Kusk. When Gabriel had freed Ravenna, Emyra's magic had swept in to cleanse the island of the dwarf's taint, but she'd been unable to do so completely. The yaks possessed a talisman of Kusk, one that prevented the goddess from purging those creatures.That meant to cleanse the tainted Magic Node and reclaim the teleportation device allowing them to return to the mainland, he and Ravenna would need to face the creatures themselves. To complicate matters further, freeing Ravenna had alerted all of Kusk's creatures to Emyra's increased influence. The things would be on high alert and preparing countermeasures.And that was without considering the wide variety of other threats, from an inclement winter to hippopotamus-centaur pirates, or lust-maddened mutants.It was a lot to juggle. Thinking about it made him yearn for peaceful days spent building with Gemma and Raquel. He even missed Dawkins, the magical anaconda, and Albrecht, the tomatsu tortoise-man."I'm not made for hack-and-slash adventures," he mumbled to Lucielle. "Give me schematics and building things any day."Flashing a cheeky shade of yellow, his Tablet brought up his character sheet. It displayed as a Dungeons and Dragons-style readout, with his Strength and Endurance scores highlighted. They read sixty-three and sixty-six, respectively."You've got the build for it." The happy-go-lucky sprite didn’t bother trying to whisper."The build for what?" Ravenna drew them to a halt at a fresh intersection, her talon-tipped toes clicking across stone, then water. Pointing at a crude doorway illuminated with aqua-colored moss, she added, "If the fish still live, they will be in there."The moss cast an eerie glow across the wet stone, bright enough to see by but creating strange shadows that seemed to move. Gabriel couldn't tell if the movement was real or an optical illusion from the bioluminescence. Either way, it set his nerves on edge.Lucielle piped up, "He has the build to do whatever he wants with his body is all I was saying."Gabriel scowled. "Why did you have to word it like that?""Like what?" The Guide radiated pink-hued innocence."You know. Also, pop out and scout. I'd rather not walk into an ambush."With a gentle bloop sound, a fist-sized ball of aquamarine light shimmered free of the Tablet. Lucielle, restored to her Mana Guide form, dimmed her sphere to near-translucence before buzzing away. Without her guidance, the floating crystal device returned to a pure, glassy state before vanishing.Gabriel could summon or dismiss it at will, so the disappearing act didn't worry him.In the quiet that followed, Ravenna turned to regard him. Her glowing violet eyes swept over his shoulders, chest, and traveled lower before returning to his face. "Just because I may be inexperienced in ways Gemma and Raquel no longer are does not mean I am without means of my own. To say that the maccari have unmatched minds, capable of feats of unimaginable ingenuity and creativity, would be an understatement. And I was the best and brightest among my brood.""I'm sure you're quite brilliant." He didn't bother resisting the urge to consider his companion's physique for the third or fourth time. The best word to describe Ravenna was intense. Hair so black it rippled with purple and blue hues framed a face that belonged in a Hollywood movie.High cheekbones played counterpoint to a small, full mouth and heavy-lidded eyes with thick, luscious lashes. Her pale, perky breasts were large enough to squeeze from the scooped sides of her dress. The Y-shaped cutouts at her torso afforded an equally generous view of inner curves, the plunging neckline vanishing beneath a wide belt. Even her feathered arms and avian legs didn't detract from her overall appeal. If anything, they added more stark contrast to a beauty defined by them.Everything about the Sorceress suggested precision, dedication, and dangerous invitation.In other circumstances, Gabriel might have been instantly charmed by looks alone. But he'd never been a man to let mere beauty dictate his actions. His time on the Fae Islands, particularly with Gemma and Raquel, had taught him important lessons about the inhabitants. In a world where harems were normal and women worshipping fertility goddesses existed, a certain degree of boldness was expected.Which was why he wasn't surprised when Ravenna stepped closer, lifted her hand, and placed it on his chest. Eyes drifting closed, she flicked her slender pink tongue across her ruby lips. "You know, it occurs to me...""Yes?""The sooner we become intimate, the sooner I can prove to you that I am the best.""The best?""You know what I mean, King Gabriel."Lifting a hand, he clasped hers gently. "First of all, King of the Fae Islands is the name of my class. Maybe once we’ve brought these islands back to life and banished Kusk’s minions, I may consider taking the official title. Maybe. Second of all, I'm in a relationship with Gemma and Raquel." He paused, thought about his single event with the elf priestess, then added, "I might even be dating Serafina.""And?" she prompted. "As you've been told, in our world, harems function around a central person. I couldn't care less about the others, as long as the satisfaction I provide outshines theirs. Come, Gabriel, once you've felt my lips, you will forget Serafina even exists."Tightening his grip, he pulled her hand away. Fighting a retort, he forced himself to remember that cultures differed in this world. "I'm not intimate with anyone I don't care for. The prospect of adding another woman to my bed or harem isn't enticing. In fact, that you think so little of me speaks volumes."Her eyes widened with shock as he leaned close, not quite growling. "I'm not a walking life support system for my dick. And if you ever disrespect me or the women I love with insinuations of replacing them again, I'm going to do something we’ll both regret."Pupils dilating into black, Ravenna took a breath so deep her buoyant breasts brushed his chest. "You will?""I will.""What... what will you do?"Not expecting the question, Gabriel responded with the first thing that came to mind. "I'll bend you over my lap and spank you until you apologize.""Ohhhhh." She gasped, mouth opening and cheeks flushing with arousal so intense that he didn't need a magical Diplomacy skill to detect it.Which was when Gabriel realized he'd fucked up.

Milestone 0: Class RecapAuthor’s Note:  As we progress through the book, Gabriel will acquire experience, schematics, and other neat stuff. Where possible, we’ll put all of the LitRPG ‘system’ mechanics inside Milestones. If you’re not interested in them, feel free to skip ahead.Below, you’ll find Gabriel’s comprehensive, starting character sheet minus his inventory (which isn’t much).  
      ***Name:  Gabriel BurkAge: 27Class: King of the Fae Islands (Legendary; Twin Class; Glyph-Style Progression)Level: 10Current Experience: 35,000Experience to Level 11: 9,500 of 10,000Core StatisticsGlyph Slots: 6 (Increases to 8 at level 15)Hit Points: 170 (10 base + 160 for 10 levels)Hit Point Regeneration: 16%/hour (25% of current Endurance of 66)Mana: 320 (10 base + 150 for 10 levels) (doubled by Legendary Glyph of the Warlock King)Mana Regeneration: 25%/hour (50% of current Presence of 50)Experience CriteriaYou gain experience from actions that help preserve, protect, or secure the island. This includes bonus experience for crafting templates. The Bright Maker rewards creativity and innovation above all else, and optional bonus quests and/or rewards may be granted depending on your execution. 
      ***Attributes Attributes scale based on a standard human maximum of 50. You gain 15 points per level, which may be assigned as you see fit. Only 6 points may be assigned to one attribute at a time, per level. Attributes have a "soft" cap of 250 for Tablet Wielders. They may be exceeded, but only under special circumstances.Strength – 63: You know how some people struggle to open pickle jars? That's not you anymore. Your enhanced strength provides a base melee damage bonus of 6 to 9 points, and you can lift and carry 40% more than you could before.Grace – 55: Remember watching parkour videos and thinking "I could never do that"? Well, now you can. Your remarkable agility lets you move 25% faster, even when you're scrambling over rocks and roots. You can safely jump or fall from 20% greater heights—basically, you're a cat with better luck. When you're able to move freely, there's a 10% chance you'll dodge incoming attacks like you've got eyes in the back of your head.Endurance – 66: You know how they say "stubborn as a mule"? Well, this is your endurance, and it's even better. You gain 10 initial hit points, plus 1/4 of your endurance rounded down—that's 16 points—per level. You only need 5 hours of sleep per night instead of 8, which means more time for adventures and less time drooling on your pillow. Fatigue is cut by 40%, so you can keep going when everyone else is whining about being tired. As a super exciting bonus, your health regenerates at 16.5% per hour.Presence – 50: Ever notice how some people walk into a room and everyone just... pays attention? That's you now. Your commanding presence makes people notice and actually listen when you talk. Willing followers perform 10% better under your guidance, and you get a 10% bonus to diplomatic actions—basically, you're 10% more convincing when you're trying not to start a fight. Your mana regenerates at 25% per hour, which is pretty handy when you need magic juice.Foresight – 36: You know that friend who always seems to know what's going to happen 3 moves ahead in chess? That's foresight at work. It helps with non-combat skills and long-term planning, giving you enhanced pattern recognition and strategic insight. It's like having a crystal ball, except it actually works and doesn't require you to wave your hands over it dramatically.Intelligence – 63: Remember struggling through calculus or trying to learn a new language? Your exceptional intelligence makes all of that easier. You start with 10 initial mana, plus 1/4 of your intelligence rounded down—that's 15 points—per level. Every skill you learn improves +2% faster naturally, which means you're basically that annoying person who picks things up on the first try while everyone else is still reading the instructions.
      ***Active Skills Tablets provide supernaturally augmented skills. As a wielder of a Version 2.0 Tablet, Gabiel may have a maximum of 5 active skills, skills from glyphs do not count against this total. He gains 10 discretionary skill points per level and may naturally improve them with use (designated as ‘progress to the next skill point’.)Skills can be rotated when leveling up without losing invested points. Gabriel may rotate active skills when he levels. Deactivated skills remain intact but may not be improved with skill points.Survival – 19: You know those reality TV shows where people eat bugs and build shelters out of sticks? You're better than those people. Your advanced environmental knowledge gives you 25% resistance to native environmental damage—basically, you can shrug off weather and terrain that would make a Boy Scout cry. Progress to Next Skill Point: 15%Herbalism – 18: You recognize every common herb and berry at a glance, and can guess at uncommon and rare ones with uncanny accuracy. Enjoy 25% resistance to native poisons and toxins, which stacks with your Survival skill. Progress to Next Skill Point: 88%Combat Tactics – 22: Advanced tactical awareness gives you up to a 66% critical strike chance bonus when you're fighting with allies or using the terrain to your advantage. It's like having a tactical genius whispering in your ear, except it's just you being smart. Progress to Next Skill Point: 5%Combat Mobility – 20: Think parkour, but in the middle of a sword fight. Your acrobatic prowess grants a 20% dodge chance against visible attacks when you can move freely. Climbing, crawling, and any other weird movement you can think of is enhanced by 60%—basically, you're part Spider-Man, part gymnast, and all business. Progress to Next Skill Point: 40%Siege Smith – 19: You're a Lego master, except with catapults and trebuchets. Intermediate knowledge of physics-based siege weapons and their mechanisms means you can build the tools to knock down walls. You're almost good enough to start working with the explosive stuff like cannons—the really fun toys. Progress to Next Skill Point: 53%Glyph SkillsStealth – 22+5: (Only available when Glyph of the Scout is active) This skill automatically matches your highest active skill rank when the Scout Glyph is equipped. For 10 mana, you can become invisible for 10 minutes, though you're limited to three-quarter speed. Moving too fast or attacking breaks the invisibility, and there's a 1-minute cooldown between uses. It's like being a ninja, if ninjas had magic batteries. If you've got the Survival skill equipped at the same time, it gets a +5 level bonus while this skill is active.Diplomacy – 22: (Only available when Glyph of Diplomacy is active) This skill automatically matches your highest active skill rank when the Diplomacy Glyph is equipped. It's like having Wikipedia downloaded directly into your brain—extensive world knowledge and lore at your fingertips. You also get resistance to charm, persuasion, and other mind-affecting nonsense, though that's completely overshadowed by the total immunity your Legendary Glyph of the Warlock King provides. Still, the knowledge part is pretty handy.Arcane Knowledge – 22: (Only available when Legendary Glyph of the Warlock King is active) This skill automatically matches your highest active skill rank when the Legendary Warlock King Glyph is equipped. It gives you general knowledge of magic and magical concepts—think of it as "Magic 101" crammed into your head. It won't replace years of wizarding school, but it'll let you tell the difference between a wand and an athame. Technically, that puts you way ahead of most people.Inactive SkillsField Medicine – 10: You know how in video games you can just eat a sandwich and your health bar refills? This is the real-world version, except less convenient. Skilled medical treatment can restore 3 to 7 hit points after 8 hours of rest, as long as you apply it within an hour of the injury. It's not miraculous, but it beats bleeding out while everyone argues about who has the first aid training. Progress to Next Skill Point: 35%
      ***Current Glyph Configuration Note: Swapping to a different glyph into an occupied slot takes 8 hours. The current configuration may still be used during the wait. Adding a glyph to an empty slot is instantaneous.Visionary PathGlyph of the Craftsman Tier-2: Any item created adds a Schematic to the Tablet. With sufficient resources (raw materials or magical equivalent), mana can be spent to replicate Schematics at a fraction of normal time.Glyph of Accuracy: All ranged weapons you use, including siege weapons, are 50% more accurate, deal 50% more damage, and gain a 5% chance to score critical hits on inanimate objects (including golems, constructs, or armored foes).Legendary Glyph of the Warlock King: Doubles mana pool, increases mana regeneration by 25%, reduces casting time of Schematics by 50%, decreases essence cost of magical schematics by 30%, grants the Arcane Knowledge Skill, grants 25% resistance to negative magic effects, grants mental immunity.Strategist PathGlyph of the Scout: Grants access to Stealth skill (automatically equals highest active skill rank) plus Enhanced Stealth mode (10 mana for 10 minutes invisibility at half movement speed, 1-minute cooldown).Glyph of the Survivalist: Deep understanding of created objects, especially weapons, allowing skilled use and repair of crude creations.Glyph of Diplomacy: Grants access to Diplomacy skill (automatically equals highest active skill rank). Tablet can provide extensive world lore and knowledge of a region. This skill allows you to resist a variety of charm, persuasion, and other influential effects.Available Glyphs (Not Currently Equipped)Glyph of the Golem Gatherer (Visionary): Combine magic with Gemma's to create permanent animated golems for essence collection (one per month limit). Able to create Versatile golems that gather 3 essence per hour and can store 50, with the ability to change which essence is gathered at any time, or Specialist golems, that collect and store twice as much, but can only target 1 essence type set at time of creation.Glyph of the Architect V1 (Visionary): Grants a 25% mana reduction each time a Schematic is used in a row beyond the first, up to a maximum reduction of 75% for up to 6 total castings, after which the Glyph resets. The sequence for a schematic costing 4 mana looks like 4, 3, 2, 1, 1, 1, 1, 4…Glyph of Elemental Warding (Strategist): Allows for the creation of 50% elementally resistant Schematics with 10% increased mana cost.Glyph of Terraforming (Strategist): Synergizes with Crafting Glyph to learn Terraforming Schematics for rapid terrain modification.

Chapter 2: Warning—Dangerous Holes AheadGabriel blamed Albrecht.There was no other reason for him to have defaulted to threatening tushy tenderizing, other than the fact that the once-human engineer so regularly discussed the trashy romance books that were his favorite not-so-guilty pleasure."My King wishes to put me in my place, does he?" Ravenna murmured, all thoughtful and sultry. "And if I thrash about and resist? Perhaps if I kick and scream, you will observe just how desperately my body craves your fiercest..."A glowing light followed by a high-pitched, "Here! Over here!" saved him from whatever came next.Lucielle darted into the room, her light returning to full brightness as his Tablet reappeared. Merging with the artifact, she said, "It's all there! There's an old dock, and a bunch of fishing equipment, mostly worn down, and so many fish I couldn't count them.""A dock?" The word sparked immediate tactical thinking. If the structure was intact, he could potentially take a boat off the island to collect Raquel. The Aetherhound was an incredible warrior. With her at his side, fighting the yackums would be far easier."Ollllld," the Guide emphasized.Straightening her dress, Ravenna overtly ran her fingertips beneath the edges of cloth barely concealing her gravity-defying breasts. Chin tilted imperiously, she explained, "Egress from the caves will not be possible. Before the war, my people maintained sizable teleportation gates from here to the surface. When Kusk began his assault, our high priestesses destroyed them to prevent their use against us."Gabriel remembered what he’d been told about the map of portals connecting each of the islands. "They did something like that on the mainland too." Thinking about the mainland, he found himself reflecting on the destructive reach of the war.Thousands of years ago, Kusk had allowed himself to be consumed by desire for Emyra. In the god's madness, he'd embraced something called Aether, which had led to his corruption. Working with a motley assortment of horrible allies, Kusk had swarmed the Fae Islands. Emyra and her priestesses had saved large portions of the populace in subterranean bunkers, but the priestesses had paid a horrible price to defend their citizens.Nearly all had perished in the onslaught, save for one chosen young woman from each of Emyra's orders.Ravenna's mask faltered. "Shall we fish?""Sounds good."They made their way through the doorway into a crystal-lined grotto of breathtaking size. He exhaled, and a plume of chill fog uncoiled before him. An inhale filled his lungs with the aroma of salt brine and moldering, living things.Craning his neck to study the glowing, gem-studded ceiling, he estimated the curved roof at well over sixty feet high. The far side of the cave, barely visible even with his Tablet-augmented senses, stretched nearly half a mile away.Lowering his gaze, he took in the ancient infrastructure built within this natural cathedral. A pier of stone, metal, and wood fitted the crescent-shaped entrance snugly, thick metal bracings extending from the walls to support steel foundations upon which rested streets and structures. No intact ships remained, not even the hint of a mast. Uneven decay, like splotchy mildew growth on yogurt, punctuated intact construction. Here, a six-foot section of floor rusted through completely while adjacent sections appeared spotless. There, crumbled bits of wood had given way to immense fungal blooms.The fungi cast their own faint bioluminescence, adding patches of sickly green to the crystal's blue-white glow.Ravenna moved forward, the spikes at the base of her feet giving her calves the lifted appearance of wearing high heels."Hold on." Gabriel caught her wrist and pulled her back.Head spinning, she snapped, “What…” Then, remembering herself, the tone softened to melting butter. “I mean, yes, King Gabriel? Whatever may I do for you?” Closing the distance, she seemed about to press her body to his."How about we avoid whiplash and your rushing into a cave full of toxic mushrooms." He used two fingers to push her away a step."Wh... what?"He pointed at the nearest patch of fungus, which resembled a mess of fine hairs interrupted with thick, tube-shaped caps, then indicated his Tablet. "I've got Survival and Herbalism skills. They're telling me those mushrooms are carnivorous. If we get too close, they'll pop and the spores will do bad things to our skin."The species reminded him of the variety inside the Life Node cave, where they'd found the foglin caretaker, Aquilla. This variety, according to the insights his Tablet fed seamlessly into his thoughts, would be far more deadly."I know of no spells that will help with those." Ravenna's admission carried an edge of frustration. "What do you suggest we do?"Unslinging his compound bow, Gabriel nocked a heavy metal arrow. "Let's try the direct approach. If I can get the spores to release, it should take a few minutes to recharge."She watched as he took aim.Thanks to Glyph of the Survivalist and the Glyph of Accuracy, he possessed a deep understanding of any objects he created. That made him immediately proficient with the deadly weapon.Twang!The first arrow struck the center of his target, right in the thickest part of the growth. A wave of motion rippled through the fungi, traveling not just through the cluster he'd struck but through all adjacent patches within several hundred feet.Rat-tat-tat-tat!With a sound like a rattlesnake's tail, dense neon orange flooded the air. A breeze stirred the haze into subtle geometric patterns. The overall effect was both beautiful and sinister — a dance of skin-melting, magical poison.Gabriel extended an arm protectively, ready to turn and carry Ravenna away if necessary. She studied him for a beat, her rosebud mouth twitching before observing, "Ancient rivers must still feed the chamber."Of all the things he'd expected her to say, that wasn't it. "Eh?""The breeze. It's coming from somewhere.""Oh, yeah." A quick look verified the cloud had begun settling naturally. Satisfied that no sentient gas-based spore monsters were going to attack, he lowered his arm.The fungal patches, their contents freshly discharged, had shrunk to less than half their size. Gentle thrumming pulses of color indicated the magical plants were recharging. The Legendary Glyph of the Warlock King interacted with Herbalism and Survival, granting him subtle insights. He estimated they'd have an hour to explore before the plants could discharge again.As if reading his thoughts, Ravenna observed, "The Magic Node replaces their spent mana quickly. We have less than an hour before we will be in danger again. That should be plenty of time to fish, should it not?""Yeah." He was pleased his Tablet-based instincts matched hers. If the new glyph was any indicator, he could see the incredible scale of abilities available, should his class grow to its fullest potential. "I'd suggest cutting them down, but there's a chance we can use the spores against our enemies later on.""How so?"He slung his bow back into place, then took a few cautious steps into the cavern. The metal floor felt solid, not swaying or sagging beneath his weight, so he continued forward. "I don't have a concrete plan yet, but if there's one thing I've learned from these islands, it's that every resource that isn't from Kusk is potentially useful."The plethora of helpful, talking animals he'd encountered had taught him that from the start.Before he'd gone ten feet into the clear air, a rustle of wings nearly sent him diving for cover. Ravenna darted ahead with a vaguely mocking laugh. She landed close to an intact building, hands on hips, delicately pointed canines showing in a wide smirk. "Slow in more than one way, aren't you?"Gabriel clenched his own teeth to keep from retorting and carefully made his way to join her. The metal rang hollowly under his boots, each step producing a faint echo that suggested open spaces beneath. Halfway there, she laughed again and ripped the door open.Crrrrunch!The building, mostly timber reinforced with rusty iron slats, collapsed on itself. With a shudder, an entire ten-foot section of raised foundation gave way, collapsing into the waters beneath with a massive splash that echoed through the grotto.Too slow, Ravenna flapped her wings. One caught on a jagged bit of broken steel, earning a cry of alarm as she attempted to course correct and slammed into a horizontal support beam beneath the platform. With a scream of terror, she wrapped a pale arm around the beam, her legs kicking frantically above the splashing depths.Hurrying over with near-reckless speed, Gabriel dove onto his stomach. Sharp metal edges bit into his forearms and chest, drawing blood. He ignored the pain and extended a hand toward the fallen woman. "Ravenna! Take it."She reached up, only to slide several inches down the beam. "I'm not that strong." An attempt to extend her wings revealed a lack of room to launch into an aerial maneuver. Chest heaving, breathing bird-quick, her lavender eyes were wide with terror.Biting back a curse, Gabriel looked around. A corroded metal plate several feet in diameter remained intact to his left. Ignoring fresh scrapes, he shifted over. Finding a spot where the edge had rolled enough not to cut his palms open, he gave a hard yank. Superhuman attributes made short work of the ancient steel, and the length of metal gave way with a tortured shriek.Nearly falling on his back from the sudden release, he hefted the metal with one hand and pointed at a random pile of gray wood with the other.When he crafted anything manually, as long as he did most of the work himself, his Tablet gained a new Schematic. With the right resources and mana, he could use the Schematic to recreate the object using pure magic.Activating a Simple Weapon Schematic, he poured mana into creating a spear. Metal and wood glowed, flowing together as the essence of creation itself poured from him, remaking the material into something functional.The spear appeared in his outstretched hand. Six feet long with a narrow tip, it retained the base properties of the materials used to make it. The metal shaft had a patina of rust, and the wooden grip was gray and flaking.Twisting, he lay on his stomach again as he drove the spear down near Ravenna. She'd slid another inch or two, and her already pale skin had gone positively cadaverous as she took in the offering."I can't." Her whisper barely carried over the sound of the water. "I'll fall. You're not strong enough to carry me. The metal won't hold.""Ravenna," Gabriel said with a snarl, "either let me help you or fall into the water. You'll be fine either way."That might have been stretching the truth. A glance at the turbulent water beneath revealed several large, glowing shapes that had a vaguely fishy outline. The way they were circling told him they were likely magical and predatory.But he wasn't about to make an already bad situation worse by pointing that out."Trust me." He met her frightened eyes. "I'm strong."Lucielle chose that moment to pipe in, "Way stronger than he looks. And that's with his shirt off. Did you know he's, like, totally stacked? Gemma likes to describe him as the 'yummiest thing I've ever seen'. Tee-hee."Mentioning Gemma did what his cajoling would not. With a fang-toothed grimace, Ravenna muttered, "Like I’ll let some elemental girl show me up," and lunged for the spear.For all her talents, the maccari woman was no athlete. If Gabriel hadn’t smacked the haft directly into her palms, she'd have fallen. As it was, she took several grasping attempts before getting both arms around the narrow shaft.From a purely geometric perspective, Gabriel had quite the task. He was fully extended and holding a grown woman near the end of a long metal pole. Bracing himself, he waited for the sensation of her added weight to drag him over the edge.Nothing happened.He had to look twice to verify she was even holding on. When he did, and saw the spear had begun to bend in the middle, he rapidly lifted the nearly weightless woman into the air. Coming to his knees, he set her down beside him on solid flooring.His Strength score of sixty-three made the rescue almost trivial. The realization of just how much stronger he'd become compared to Earth-normal humans was a pleasant shock."Don't fly ahead next time." He inspected the spear, noting it was bent in the middle but would probably still work for fishing.Ravenna's reply was a low hiss. "It would have been fine if not for the floor. I think I see an inlet over there. Come, let's see what fish we can tickle from the depths."Clang! Clang! Clang!Heeled feet ringing off the metal loudly, she stalked away as if the last few minutes hadn't happened.Gabriel pushed himself to his feet, wiping blood from his forearms onto his pants. The scrapes were already starting to close, his enhanced Endurance pushing his natural healing into overdrive. By the time they finished down here, the wounds would be little more than pink lines on his skin.He followed Ravenna toward the water's edge, bent spear in hand, and hoped the next stage of their fishing trip would be less eventful.