TITLE: King of the Fae Islands Book 1
AUTHOR: Adam Lance & Annabelle Hawthorne
SERIES: King of the Fae Islands (Book 1)
WORDS EXTRACTED: 6006
============================================================

King of the Fae Islands

A City-Building LitRPG Fateforged Novel

Authors’ Note

Thank you for reading King of the Fae Islands. As the title suggests, this is a city-building LitRPG men’s adventure novel. There will be character sheets, action and adventure, and a substantial amount of time devoted to resource management, development, and settlement building – all with the fun additions of comedy and romance.

Because not all our fans like tons of character sheets (much less settlement templates, spell lists, etc.), we’ve done our best to put the full text for these items in their own skippable-chapters. Audio listeners are encouraged to push the “next chapter” button if you’re not into those crunchy details. While we will do our best to contextualize abilities, the system mechanics will be integral to aspects of the story (mostly some combat and the city building).

For physical readers, we will be including glossaries and an appendix with summaries of the cast of characters and fantasy elements. If you need a refresher on a name or historical element, just flip to the back!

P.S. Be sure to read to the very end for Epilogue Two.

P.P.S. When we began drafting this, I (Adam) didn’t know Annabelle had crabs in her Halls series. Welp, here you go. More (but different) crabs.

Read Ahead and Support the Authors

Both Annabelle and Adam maintain active Discords and Patreons where you can find bonus art of the girls. Adam’s Patreon will include early release chapters as well.

The Discord link for Pivot Press (which hosts Adam and other LitRPG-flavored authors) is here: https://discord.gg/GXn8csy2gg

Adam’s Patreon is: https://www.patreon.com/adamlancewrites

Annabelle’s Discord for Wet Leaf Publishing is: https://discord.gg/Qbddh5yaQQ

Her Patreon is: https://www.patreon.com/sexyannabelle

Reading Order

King of the Fae Islands takes place after the events of the core Fateforged universe (see below). It kicks off a new, distinct continuity with unique characters and storylines. There may be some cameos or gentle connections, as it takes place in a familiar universe, but this series requires zero homework to enjoy. We promise.

Word from Anna: Also, your child’s math class is teaching problem-solving skills, quit being a dick about Trigonometry being hard and unnecessary.

If you want the initial chronology of the series, we’ve included it below. Again: None of this is required reading to enjoy this book!

Word from Anna: However, it will make Adam insanely happy, and he’s less likely to get lost in a McDonald’s playland again.

Isekai Emperor (1-3): These books kicked the universe off and are foundational. They start at timeline 0 and have ties to Dungeon Champions, Dark City Girls, and Fate’s Enforcer.

Dungeon Champions (1-3-Ongoing): These books expand the Fae Wilds and the fantasy world and take place at the same time as Isekai Emperor. The series has connections to Fate’s Enforcer, Isekai Emperor, and (now) Trailer Park Elves. Warning: If you pick this series up, it’s a team builder. Not the kind you should suggest at your workplace, HR will hate it. This story has ALL the LitRPG mechanics and character sheets.

Dark City Girls (1-3): This is a grimdark series featuring Zane, a war hero turned retiree who is called back into action. Events in book 2 kick off the Trailer Park Elves “saga” (hehehe, we’re calling it a saga now). It has connections to Fate’s Enforcer and Trailer Park Elves.

Fate’s Enforcer (1-3): This is an urban fantasy series that explores what it means to be on the Fates' team. It takes place at “approximately” the same time as Trailer Park Elves. It has connections to Dungeon Champions, Dark City Girls, and Isekai Emperor.

Trailer Park Elves (1-6-Ongoing): This series will have cameos from a bunch of other ones, but there’s no tight relationships. Timeline Note: Trailer Park Elves is part of a series of events that closed off the end of the timeline (the Fate War).

Chapter 1: Valley of Paradise

The brass bell above Harbormaster's Bait & Tackle chimed for the dozenth time that morning as another yacht owner pushed through the glass door, designer sunglasses perched atop perfectly styled hair despite the increasingly ominous sky. Gabriel Burk looked up from the tackle box he was organizing and flashed an easygoing smile.

"Morning, Mr. Castellano. Heading out again today?"

The silver-haired real estate mogul adjusted his polo shirt, one that probably cost more than Gabriel made in a week, and gestured toward the harbor where his gleaming forty-footer bobbed among the other toys of the wealthy. "You bet. Though this weather's got me wondering if I should postpone." He squinted at the dark clouds rolling in from the Atlantic. "That normal for this time of year?"

Gabriel followed his gaze through the shop's wide windows. The sky had been growing stranger by the hour, thick black clouds shot through with veins of electric blue and purple that definitely wasn’t normal lightning. "Been building all morning. Might want to stick close to shore if you do go out. If it was me personally, I would find something fun to do inland instead."

"Always the voice of reason." Castellano chuckled with genuine warmth. "That's why everyone comes to you, kid. You actually give a damn." He paused at the counter where Gabriel had already pulled his usual order: premium lures and fresh bait. "Speaking of which, you coming to the charity gala next weekend? Shirley keeps reminding all of us you’re, 'the only authentic person in this whole town of silicone CEOs’ like that wouldn’t annoy the shit out of me."

"I appreciate that, but—"

"—but you'll be working here, helping actual fishermen instead of schmoozing with the country club crowd." Castellano shook his head with mock disappointment. "One of these days, I'm going to convince you to take a real vacation. Hell, those party girls I tried to hook you up with have texted me twice asking for your number. If I keep turning them down, I’ll have to tell them you’re not into women."

Before Gabriel could respond, the bell chimed again as three young men in expensive workout gear pushed through the door. Gabriel recognized them from the fitness center down the street—trust fund babies who spent their mornings lifting weights and their afternoons burning daddy's money on boat fuel. He was perfectly happy with people like that taking their antics out into the ocean where he didn’t have to see or deal with it.

"Yo, Gabriel!" called the tallest one, a roided-out mule named Blake whose idea of roughing it was staying at a four-star resort with a continental breakfast. "You see this crazy weather? It's like something out of a movie, man."

Through the window, another surge of unnatural lightning split the sky, this time followed by a sound like tearing fabric that made everyone in the shop flinch.

"Getting worse," Gabriel observed, noting how the ocean itself seemed agitated, waves moving in patterns that had nothing to do with wind. He decided to give them the same warning he had given Castellano. "Maybe not the best day for—"

CRACK!

Thunder exploded overhead, but it was wrong—too sharp, too metallic. The lights in the shop flickered as something massive moved beyond the clouds, a shadow darker than the storm itself.

"Holy shit," whispered one of Blake's friends, pressing his face against the window. "You guys seeing this?"

Everyone in the shop crowded toward the glass. What they saw defied explanation: a writhing mass of pure darkness, serpentine and vast, coiling through the storm clouds like a living tornado. Lightning danced along its form, but instead of white, the bolts were unearthly blue and purple.

"It's just like the stories my cousin told us about Vegas," stammered Mrs. Yinjing, the elderly Asian woman who frequented the shop. Gabriel had actually forgotten she was there today. She seemed to enjoy the process of puttering around the shelves more than actually purchasing anything.

"End times," muttered old Joe Murphy from his corner stool, where he'd been nursing his morning coffee and sharing fishing tales with anyone close enough to get roped in. "Mark my words, this is it. We’re all done."

Gabriel felt ice move through his veins as the shadow-thing descended toward the ocean. Then he saw something, a figure falling like a burning star, plummeting down toward the churning waters. Even from this distance, Gabriel could see the person was fighting, some kind of sword flashing in his hands as tendrils of darkness pursued him.

"Someone's in the water," Gabriel said, already moving toward the door.

"What?" Blake squinted through the now rain-streaked glass. "I don't see anyone."

"There!" Gabriel pointed as the figure hit the ocean with a splash that seemed too small for something falling from such a height. "I think it’s a guy, about two hundred yards out, near the—"

"Gabriel, there's nothing there but waves," Castellano said gently. "This storm's got everyone spooked."

But Gabriel could see him clearly now. It was indeed a man, and he was thrashing in the water, tangled in what looked like a net made of crackling electricity. The shadow creature was dissipating, its form breaking apart into wisps of unnatural darkness, but its victim was drowning.

"I'm taking the Persistence," Gabriel announced, grabbing the keys to Castellano's boat from the hook behind the counter.

"Like hell you are!" The older man stepped in front of him. "Gabriel, I don't know what you think you're seeing out there, but—"

"Someone's drowning." Gabriel's voice carried a certainty that made everyone step back. "I can see him. He needs help."

"Dude, you're losing it," Blake said, but his voice lacked conviction. The unnatural lightning was getting worse, and everyone in the shop could feel it; a pressure in the air that made their teeth ache.

Gabriel was already pulling on his rain jacket. "Mr. Castellano, I'll pay for any damages. But I can't just stand here and watch someone die."

For a moment, the real estate mogul studied Gabriel's face. Whatever he saw there made him step aside. "Bring her back in one piece, kid."

The run to the dock took less than two minutes, but it felt like an eternity. The Persistence was worth a small fortune and was built for speed and rough water. Gabriel had the engine running before he'd finished untying the lines.

The ocean was chaos. Waves that should have been moving with the wind instead formed spirals and impossible geometries. The boat's GPS spun wildly, unable to get a fix. But Gabriel could still see his target, and the man's struggles were growing weaker.

Ten minutes of fighting through supernatural currents brought him close enough to see the problem clearly. The man was trapped in a net that seemed to be coated in living electricity, its strands crackling with malevolent energy that sparked and bit at anything that touched it. Static discharge made Gabriel's hair stand on end even from ten feet away.

"Hold on!" Gabriel called out, grabbing a hooked boat pole in one hand and a safety kit in the other. Rushing to the edge of the rocking boat, he pinned the kit between one hip and the boat wall, then leaned out, hoping the guy hadn’t floated away in the storm.

By some miracle, the netted man was still visible, and had drawn closer to the boat.

Leaning out, Gabriel hooked the net and drew the man closer. Electricity traveled up the metal and into his hands, the pain indescribable. He kept going anyway, the current unable to seize his muscles up completely. If anything, his arms tensing up helped.

As soon as he had the guy within reach, he grabbed the net with one hand, bracing himself with the other. Fresh anguish traveled through his hand as black energy seemed to crawl across his forearm.

With a scream, he heaved. Something shifted in the net, a lashing motion, and suddenly both the net and Gabriel were falling onto the deck.

But they weren’t done yet. The man was jerking inside his unnatural prison. Gabriel had to get him out.

Opening the safety kit, he found two pairs of cutting shears and a diving knife. He started with the shears, applying them to the wire.

CLANG!

Electricity leapt like a living thing, burning the metal to slag. The rebound left his hand numb; still Gabriel wasn’t done. He grabbed the second set. This time he got through two strands before they suffered the same fate.

But he’d made a gap in the net's mesh, enough to see the stranger’s face. The guy was unconscious, his lips turning blue.

A strange, sibilant voice with a Bronx accent was screaming from somewhere inside the net, “Boss! Wake up! You’re bein’ drained. That fuckin’ Aether-spawn shit got you. You gotta get yourself out of this, I can’t help!”

Ignoring the words, Gabriel went for the dive knife, plunging the serrated edge against the crackling net.

Pain like nothing he'd ever experienced shot up his arms as the magical electricity sought ground through his body. His vision went white, his muscles seized, but he kept cutting. The knife grew hot enough to burn his palm, but he held on, sawing through strand after strand of the impossible material.

By the time he'd cut enough to drag the man free, Gabriel's hands were hamburger—bloody, burned, and barely functional. Only when he’d hooked the man’s clothes with his thumbs and pulled him free did whatever strange magic imbued in the net dissipate.

For long minutes, the only sounds were the storm and Gabriel's ragged breathing. Then the limp man coughed, water streaming from his mouth as he rolled onto his side.

His hair, plastered to his head by seawater, looked nearly black in the dim light. But when another fork of that unnatural lightning split the sky, it gleamed deep red. As Gabriel watched in amazement, something uncoiled from around the man's shoulders. It was a cobra, easily six feet long, with scales that shifted color like oil on water.

Lightning crashed again, and everything went blurry…

* * *

"Hey! Hey you!"

Gabriel came to his senses on a thin strip of paradise, flanked on either side by desolation. Running a hand across his face, he flinched. Mesh lines, patterned like netting, ran across his palm. They'd bitten deep without drawing blood.

"Over!"

Glurrk. Glurble.

"Here!"

Blinking away confusion—as if it were a literal cloud across his vision—he searched for the source of the voice. He stood, finding himself on a wide strip of beach leading to a lush, overgrown jungle. From his vantage point, far enough for waves to lap at his bare ankles, he saw the emerald growth stretched only half a mile across.

Directly to his left, the terrain became rocky and porous. Gases jetted out of wide, dangerous-looking fissures that riddled the area, transforming an already inhospitable landscape into something downright hellacious.

To his right, beyond the forest's edge, stretched a vast field of wreckage. Enormous ships, some with paint still bright, sat among the fuselage of downed planes. The rounded tip of a submarine peeked into view, nearly vertical, over the hull of a cruise ship.

The sound—high-pitched and desperate—came from a sharp pillar of metal, its tip leaning out into the ocean's waves. Strapped to it by a length of bright orange paracord was a bird cage. It dangled low enough that the crashing waves, flowing into high tide, covered the thing for several seconds at a time.

When the waves drew away again, the bird cage rebounded off the metal structure holding it aloft. A blue-green glow, bright enough to overpower the noontime sun, pulsed vibrantly through the bars. From within it, a decidedly feminine voice called, "Over here! Hurry! They might be back any second!"

Unaware of who 'they' were and confused about how he'd come to be on a beach wearing only his swim shorts and a shirt, Gabriel did what came naturally: he went to help.

Bare feet crunching on the fine white sand, he sped into a comfortable lope, his fit body accelerating with ease. A life spent near the ocean made adapting to the slip and squish of the ground second nature.

As he neared his objective, Gabriel noted how unnatural the debris was. It literally stopped directly in line with the forest's edge, as if there were some kind of force field across the island. A plane further up the beach had a wing bent at a ninety-degree angle, creating a well-defined wall between the different sections.

"What is going on here?" He said aloud, mostly to himself. The last thing he remembered was getting on the boat to save a drowning man. The guy had been tangled in some kind of glowing net, and Gabriel had gone through multiple tools fighting to get the stuff off the stranger.

A flicker of memory—red hair and green eyes—surfaced. Then he remembered what had happened next. No sooner had he gotten the drowning man free, then there'd been another flash of unnatural lightning and something had hit him on the back of the head.

Hard.

"Help!" The strange glowing thing begged as waves licked at her cage again.

Arriving near the wreckage, he hesitated. The cord wrapped around the birdcage was knotted inexpertly but thoroughly, and the spear of metal it was looped against looked like a rusty support beam. Based on the angle and lack of connected structures, he was confident that the cage and its contents had been put there deliberately.

"This has got to be the second stupidest thing I've done today," he declared, wading into the water toward the captive.

As soon as he passed beyond the imaginary line between the forested segment and the wreckage, he felt a weight press against his shoulders. It was draining, sapping his strength and making every motion difficult.

"Kusk's raiders," the woman's voice said as he finally made it to the metal. Lifting the cage far enough to prevent the tiny captive from getting waterlogged again, he started on the knots.

"Raiders?" he replied, brow furrowed. Salt water, followed by repeated drying spells, had tightened the rope into rock. His wet fingernails couldn't find purchase. Worse, every attempt felt like spending an hour doing solid manual labor.

"Kusk's raiders. Cursed priests. They cannot stand anything that isn't as corrupt as they are. If they find us here, they will try to kill you."

"Kill me?" he mumbled. Since when had murder been on the menu?

Giving up on the knots, he wrapped the dangling cord around a tooth of sharp, rusty metal. When a tug or two didn't make much of a difference, he lifted a foot to brace himself. That didn't work either, so he added another, body nearly horizontal, as he sawed and yanked at the paracord.

The rising tide punished his ambition, rushing waves rolling over his body and into his mouth. There was something wrong with the water; it tasted vile, as tainted as a sewer. Sputtering, he clamped his mouth shut and did his best not to accidentally inhale any of the foulness.

"C'mon!" he demanded, muscles straining.

Seconds ticked by, with Gabriel moving from fatigue into deep exhaustion. Then, as he was certain he'd need to try another angle, he felt rope begin to give.

"Hah!" Triumphant, he lowered his foot, intending to find a new angle to attack the cut. Two things happened at once, neither particularly to his liking.

First, his foot slid across the metal, earning a cut deep enough to spew dark blood beneath the toxic waves. Sharp pain lanced up into his calves like fire. Second, muffled shouts and loud, rocky clattering sounds came from further down the beach, among the wreckage.

"Oh no!" The creature exclaimed, her light flickering so fast it deserved a photosensitivity warning label. "The raiders! Hurry, you must hurry! If they catch you, they'll eat you...or worse!"

Chapter 2: Cannibalism is Naughty (Usually)

Pain shot up his bare foot, hot and sharper than it should have been. It felt as if he'd nearly lost the limb rather than taken a simple slice, agony radiating so hard and hot that it left him dizzy. Struggling to multitask, he adjusted his hold on the paracord and turned, putting his back to the metal so he could apply his weight against the shearing material. It also afforded him a view of the new threat.

Any concern he might have had about the mysterious female speaker lying to him evaporated at his first sight of a Kusk Raider.

Moving in a waddling, misshapen group of six, the creatures were the result of crustacean and human fusing. "They look like the undead from that Johnny Depp pirate movie," he snarled, using the disgusting visages as motivation to push his body to its limits.

They did, in fact, resemble top-dollar CGI work. The male leader had one human arm and an oversized crab claw. With a humanoid face covered in chitin, the raider had oversized black eyes and wore a tattered, misshapen sweatshirt and a woman's dress skirt. As Gabriel studied the abomination, he noticed a third, smaller arm waving beneath the mortal one. This one was closer to a pair of articulated pincers with a cruel, curving edge.

Following behind the leader, the rest of the raiders were similarly revolting, and equally well-attired in their bizarre fashion.

Although the raiders looked ungainly—as if they should have barely been able to navigate a parking lot, let alone a maze of destruction—they moved with jerky precision. Using their oversized limbs or inhuman agility, they quickly passed over debris that would have taken Gabriel several minutes to traverse.

Even if he'd been in good shape.

"What did they do, rob a thrift store?" he panted, using the words to take his mind off the growing pain and shrinking time.

"The vessels their god brings here provides for them," the blue light replied, speaking quickly. "He lures resources and fresh bodies in. You're close! You're close! Please hurry!"

Jerking from side to side, then up and down, Gabriel ran the fraying cord across the jagged steel teeth with all his weight. Closing his eyes to avoid the sight of death-by-crustacean headed his way, he didn't see the wave. It came in hard, slamming into his chest and batting him to the side.

He stumbled on his cut foot, nearly screaming from pain, only to feel the lightness in one of his arms. The cage was free!

"Hurry," the light said, "you have to cross into her refuge. A few feet over and you'll be safe again!"

It didn't take rocket science to understand what she was talking about. With a glance over his shoulder to confirm that he'd cut it far too close, he surged through the waves and across the invisible line separating the ruins from the pure sandy beach.

"Kusk youuuuuu!" One of the monsters called from behind him, his voice a sloppy, wet mash. The creature's English was mangled, coming out as an extremely wet redneck drawl. "Kusk youuuuuuu to heyyyuuuuulllll!"

Pure, cleansing salt water sloshed across his wound. It brought a pleasant, tingling warmth that spread up his body, restoring much of his lost stamina. He didn't assume the bad guys wouldn't follow. Moving as fast as he could pump his legs, he carried his new cargo toward the middle of the beach.

BANG! BANG! CLANG!

Chitin struck metal loudly, repeatedly.

When he looked over, the raiders were standing on the opposite side of a fallen fuselage, banging their mutated limbs against the metal. One—the creature who'd been screaming at him—bared shark teeth.

He yelled at Gabriel, accent making the words barely recognizable. "You will give in. They all do! You'll get lonely, or curious, or hungry. You'll think you're safe and let your guard down. That's when we'll get you! Get you and eaaaaaaaaat you!"

Now that he had time to inspect them, Gabriel saw one of the raiders carrying a long polearm over one shoulder. The end of the weapon had a butterfly-style net, presumably designed to reach across the barrier and catch unsuspecting fairies.

Or whatever it was he'd just rescued.

The birdcage between his hands rattled. "Let me out. I can help."

Seeing that the monsters weren't leaving the ruins, he checked his foot. The cut was much smaller than it had felt, and it barely bled. Relatively confident the limb wasn't about to fall off, he inspected the cage.

It was about a foot tall and half that wide, with a wooden mesh lining the sides. Lifting it above his eyeline, he saw a crude symbol scorched into the bottom. In retrospect, he thought he'd seen it glowing during his struggle to dislodge the thing. If so, it was dark now.

He tried the door, flicking the clever spinning handle around.

That did it.

Trailing glittery dust, the blue light flew out, circled his head once, then made a direct line to the sand a few feet away. "Over here! Over here!"

Gabriel muttered, "Yes, my name is Gabriel, nice to meet you. And you're a fairy? A pixie? Also, what the hell is going on?"

Bouncing up and down—briefly reminiscent of an annoying creature from the best Zelda game—the entity created an outline of an exclamation mark. It otherwise ignored his questions.

He looked over at the raiders. Seeing him, one held up a crude statue. It resembled a curvaceous female figure. The drawling crab-man screamed, “I take it back! We won’t eat you! We’ll give you to She of the Hips!”

“She of the what now?” Gabriel asked.

“She of the endless milk and birthing hips,” another raider called in lecherous tones while either pantomiming sex or doing a Fortnite emote, Gabriel wasn’t sure which.

The leader nodded enthusiastically, waving for Gabriel to approach. “Come over, come with us. Bring the sprite. We will allow you to see her fertile beauty from afar. I’ll even let you lick the statue.” He waved the figurine, thrusting the crude stone breasts in Gabriel’s direction. “Perhaps your sacrifice will wake her from her slumber.”

“AWAKEN HER! WAKE HER UP!” The rest of the crew chanted in pained, desperate harmony. “THE CALCIUM CANNONS MUST LIVE AGAIN!”

There was something undeniably obscene about the gestures, much less the chanting. Shaking his head to dislodge horrifying mental images before they could manifest, Gabriel wandered away from the scene and over to where the fairy-creature hovered.

Looking down, he saw a rectangle of semi-transparent glass laying in an indentation in the sand. Upon closer inspection, he saw that it had rounded edges with delicate filigree layering around the corners that resembled white frosting. Ghostly neon-blue words appeared inside the object.

They read, Compatible Mana Guide Located—Pairing Request Received.

Seeing the words below took Gabriel aback.

Gabriel Burke, do you wish to allow pairing with this Mana Guide? This will extend her lifespan indefinitely and allow more casual interaction.

You may speak your answer aloud.

"Pair! Pleeeeeease pair!" The creature, apparently called a 'Mana Guide', begged. "I'm almost out. If that happens, you'll have to wait for absolutely ages before she can send another scout. Please, Mr. Gabriel!"

Gabriel took a solid second to consider everything he knew about his situation. It didn't take even that long to realize he had no clue what was happening, no basis for comparison, and two choices: either he could decide he was dead, or he could embrace his circumstances.

Well, technically, he did have a third option that involved getting to lick a titty statue. Even if he wanted to do that, he had a sinking feeling that it would have a salty taste, and not because of the ocean.

As odd as these circumstances were, things on Earth had been a little odd for the past several months. Strange sightings, word of ‘impossible’ things, maybe even magic had popped up all over the web and YouTube, only to be taken down shortly after. No one believed it was real. Mostly.

"Yeah, okay," he said, "permission granted. Also, why do you even need my permission?"

Permission granted. Mana Guide Lucielle, welcome to the Mark 2.0 Tablet of the Bright Maker!

With a happy, "Yippeeeee!" the girl's energy ball shot into the tablet, illuminating it from within. When she spoke again, her voice projected from the device. It was both louder and deeper now, blessedly making the creature sound like a real person instead of a squeaky dog chew toy.

"Oh! I'm shelf stable now. Mr. Gabriel, thank you, thank you." Her voice carried a warm, honeyed quality that hadn't been there before. "Mmm, whew. That feels so much better."

"Shelf stable?" he replied, seeing a paragraph of dark text on the glass device.

Congratulations! You've successfully bound a Mana Guide with your Mark 2.0 Tablet. What a great start to becoming a brand-new Tablet Wielder!

There are many benefits to binding a Mana Guide. First and foremost, Lucielle can interpret vast amounts of boring text instantly, communicating details in a way you'll understand. Because of her tight magical integration, she can access menus and world details that you might never locate, and even volunteer data you'd never think to ask for.

In addition, she can activate any non-class features you give her authorization over. This will automate many tedious tasks, preventing you from being overwhelmed with constant walls of text.

Please be aware, while inside the Tablet, your guide's mana matrix will be eternally preserved: she cannot degrade. If she leaves the enclosure for any reason, her degradation will resume. You may trigger the auto-restoration function, which will restore the guide using your mana, but only after you've selected a class and gained a mana pool of your own.

Running a hand across his chin, Gabriel considered the text for several seconds. "Shelf stable. That's because it'll preserve you. Got it. And this class thing, I assume it's—"

"Exactly what you think, silly," Lucielle interjected, her voice a bubbly laugh. "Your world's lore and these devices are entwined. The dreams of the Earthborn shape the Fae Wilds, and the Fae Wilds give hope to those who yearn for magic. That's how it works."

Gabriel had never been a die-hard gamer, but in modern Earth culture, he'd have had to bury himself beneath ten tons of rocks to miss the tropes of roleplaying games.

"Got it," he said, bending down to lift the glass-like device up. It felt solid in his hand, the material etched enough to provide an easy grip, despite the lingering injury from the net.

"I can make it float near your face, or vanish, or whatever you want," Lucielle offered. "It's bonded to you now, so you only need to see it when you want to read the full description text or claim rewards. Oh. Speaking of rewards, wow! This thing comes packed with all kinds of quests. Situational. Standard. The works. Once we get you a class, you're going to be so set!"

Taking a deep breath, Gabriel tried to sort through the questions he needed to ask. He held up a finger, "Before we go on, what's going on here? The last thing I remember is seeing a guy drowning in some kind of glowing net. I saved him, I think, then ended up here."

The Tablet flickered, providing a reply. Instead of reading it aloud, Lucielle somehow made a clapping sound. "Oh goody! You're a good one! We needed a good one!"

Query Reply: Gabriel, your heroism saved one of Fate's Wardens. This action was observed, and a reward granted. You have been drawn into the Fae Wild, where your unique skills and bravery can be of use in restoring these cursed islands.

If you wish, you may choose to unbind this Tablet and return across the Veil to Earth, with all memory of these events removed. Should you do so, the fate of this Island and the people frozen beneath the castle at its center will be left to chance.

You have two paths before you: join a world of magic, where your skills and heart are desperately needed, or return to Earth.

Gabriel snorted, not bothering to seriously consider the absurd question. "Yeah, okay. Return to Earth where I’ll get the opportunity to serve the upper class forever in exchange for minimal pay and a shitty dental plan, or fight crab boys with magic powers. I'll take magic and meaning, thanks. Moving on. How do I get a class? And what's going on here that you need my help with?"

"Oh yay!" Lucielle called, the Tablet pulsing blue and pink and purple in his hand. "I'm so happy! She's going to be so happy! They are all going to love you, I know it! You know, once you free them from their curses. Let's go hero! Time to murder some asshat bad guys!"

"Wait, what?"

Chapter 3: I Prefer Raw

"Okay, back to classes," Lucielle said, clearly ignoring his question. "We've got three options. First, I can generate a list of standard stuff. BOOOORING! Second, we can go do something heroic. Contextual classes are nice. Think of them as an epic option, unless you do something SUPER badass and kick it up even further. Third, we can get you a blessing from the goddess Emyra or the god Kusk. Either of those will get you a guaranteed legendary class. Trust me, you want one of those if you can get them."

Gabriel watched as his Tablet updated with a bulleted list of options that mirrored the Guide's words. She was right—having Lucielle to say things aloud was much more convenient. He couldn't imagine processing walls of text for every decision. Could you imagine how obnoxious it would be to have someone narrate a large wall of text that would otherwise be meaningless in the long term? Well? Could you?

Confused, he asked, “Kusk? Like Kusk’s raiders? Doesn’t that make him the bad guy?”

She replied, “This version will be from before he went mad. You’ll learn more once we get you to the statues, if that’s the path you choose. Promise.”

“Hrm. Okay.” This sounded suspiciously like some timey-wimey bullshit. Willing to trust the Guide for now, he pressed on. "Is it worth asking what the difference between standard, epic, and legendary are?"

"Eh, not really. The words are plenty self explanatory." The Tablet flashed beige. "With extremely rare exceptions, always assume you want the best. I’ll point it out, otherwise."

"Got it, yeah. Let's keep things simple." There was no reason to bathe in details when they didn't matter.

Turning around, Gabriel looked up and down what he'd come to think of as 'his' strip of beach for a weapon. There was no sign of any wreckage or tool with which he could craft even the most basic club. Pawing at his pants, he discovered his diver's knife, but when he drew it, the entire top half was sheared away, leaving only a tiny point.

"Realistically, I'm not going to be doing anything badass with this nub of a knife," he said, shaking his head. "Want to run me through that third option?"

"Better yet, I can show you." A floating blue arrow appeared above the tablet. It rotated, wobbling left and right, then up and down, as it oriented. Finally, it settled directly into the forest. "Hahahaha!" She cackled, a shade more maniacally than Gabriel would have called endearing. "It's got a quest tracker built in. You wouldn't have even known about it if it wasn't for me. Aren't you the gladdest person ever now that we're together?"

The surface of the Tablet updated.

Quest Accepted: Get a class!

Quest Tracker Enabled: Be aware that not all quests are compatible with this feature. See [more details] for additional information.

Giving the Tablet and its oddly enthusiastic pilot an amused grin, he said, "Yeah. Okay. Let's go."

Lucielle had the Tablet float into the air, following behind his shoulder as he made his way up the beach.