TITLE: Trailer Park Elves Book 3
AUTHOR: Adam Lance & Michael Dalton
SERIES: Trailer Park Elves (Book 3)
WORDS EXTRACTED: 8556
============================================================

Authors’ Notes
          
          
            Appreciations
          
          
            A Note on Cosmology
          
          
            Reading Order
            
              
                Fateforged Connections
              
              
                Connections to the Dalton Literary Universe
              
            
          
          
            The Story So Far
          
          
            Starting Character Sheet
            
              
                Colton Winchester
              
              
                Trailer Park Druid Spells
              
            
          
          
            Starting Quests
          
          
            Starting Trailer Park Inventory
          
          
            Ultra Invasion Team
          
          
            Prelude
            
              
                A Visit from Management
              
            
          
          
            Chapter 1
            
              
                All is (Not) Well
              
            
          
          
            Chapter 2
            
              
                Water is Life
              
            
          
          
            Chapter 3
            
              
                Kidnap the Magic Man
              
            
          
          
            Chapter 4
            
              
                (Not?) Dragon Time
              
            
          
          
            Chapter 5
            
              
                The Three Elven MILFs, Redux
              
            
          
          
            Chapter 6
            
              
                Re-Enter the Trash Panda
              
            
          
          
            Chapter 7
            
              
                The Sewing Circle
              
            
          
          
            Chapter 8
            
              
                The Dangers of Smoking
              
            
          
          
            Chapter 9
            
              
                An Important Discovery
              
            
          
          
            Chapter 10
            
              
                Reassignment
              
            
          
          
            Chapter 11
            
              
                You Come and Go
              
            
          
          
            Chapter 12
            
              
                New Friends and New Discoveries
              
            
          
          
            Updated Character Sheet
            
              
                Colton Winchester
              
            
          
          
            Chapter 13
            
              
                Synchronicity
              
            
          
          
            Chapter 14
            
              
                I’m the Captain Now
              
            
          
          
            Chapter 15
            
              
                The Tragic Backstory of Dickdog
              
            
          
          
            Chapter 16
            
              
                The Royal Granny Panties
              
            
          
          
            Chapter 17
            
              
                Breeding Lessons
              
            
          
          
            Updated Character Sheet
            
              
                Colton Winchester
              
            
          
          
            Chapter 18
            
              
                Besties!
              
            
          
          
            Chapter 19
            
              
                Chekov’s Gullet Stone
              
            
          
          
            Chapter 20
            
              
                Poll Positions
              
            
          
          
            Chapter 21
            
              
                Mating Habits of the North American Raccoon-Shifter
              
            
          
          
            Chapter 22
            
              
                The Water of Life
              
            
          
          
            First Epilogue
            
              
                Not That Kind of Story
              
            
          
          
            Final Character Sheet
            
              
                Colton Winchester
              
              
                Trailer Park Druid Spells
              
            
          
          
            Glossary One
            
              
                Cast of Characters
              
            
          
          
            Glossary Two
            
              
                Monsters and Local Animals
              
            
          
          
            Glossary Three
            
              
                Key Locations
              
            
          
          
            Glossary Four
            
              
                Outstanding Quests
              
            
          
          
            Support and Follow the Authors
          
          
            Bonus Chapters and Outtakes
          
          
            Candy Cane
          
          
            Going Live in . . . 3 . . . 2 . . . 1
          
          
            Second Epilogue
            
              
                After-Hours Agreements

Trailer Park Elves 3
      Copyright 2025 by Michael Dalton and Adam Lance. All rights reserved.
      Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form, or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, or otherwise) without the prior written permission of the copyright owner and the publisher of this book.
      This is a work of fiction. References to real people, establishments, organizations, or locations are intended only to provide a sense of authenticity, and are used fictitiously. Any similarity to persons, living or dead, is coincidental.
      All characters depicted in this work of fiction are 18 years of age or older.
      There’s a lot that goes into managing a trailer park, especially one caught between the Earth and the Fae Wilds. Thankfully, the residents of Enchanted Garden Villas have Colton Winchester to protect them.
      Colton has discovered a plot to manufacture and export illegal booze, and he needs to get to the bottom of it. At the same time, a group of savage and unpredictable mercenaries have infiltrated the park, potentially endangering all he holds dear.
      Desperately tired of drama, Colton is forced to navigate death-defying danger, unhinged rivalries, and the growing needs of his ever-expanding crew of girlfriends. Truly, Trailer Park Elves 3 is the most harrowing, intense entry in the series!

Authors’ Notes
      
        Thank you for reading 
        Trailer Park Elves 3
        . As of right now, we plan to do 
        at least
         four in the series, but are open to doing more. This is based on 
        your
         feedback. Your reviews and comments help motivate us – so keep them coming!
      
      As a reminder, we’ve linked the Pivot Press Discord where Adam and Dalton occasionally chat at the end of the book. Come hang out!
      
        P.S. Be sure to read to the 
        very
         end for the Bonus Chapters and Outtakes (including a Second Epilogue!)
      
      P.P.S. We apologize if some of the dialogue comes across as having an accent. We brought on an authentic Australian consultant for a certain character.

Appreciations
      The authors would like to thank the Alpha and Beta readers on the Pivot Press Discord and Michael Dalton’s Patreon. Our publication pace is tight, and you all make magic happen. Thank you.
      Thanks to the LitRPG Books group on Facebook.
      
        https://www.facebook.com/groups/LitRPG.books
      
      We appreciate the LitRPG Group on Facebook for allowing us to promote our first book, and the audio version, to their amazing members.
      
        https://www.facebook.com/groups/LitRPGGroup
      
      Thanks to the GameLit Society for supporting LitRPG authors and fans alike. You can find more great works on their Facebook Group.
      
        
          https://www.facebook.com/groups/LitRPGsociety
        
      
      
        Be sure to check out these groups that support the haremlit community.
      
      
        Dukes of Harem
        
          https://www.facebook.com/groups/dukesofharem
        
      
      
        Haremlit Readers
        
          www.facebook.com/groups/HaremLitBooks
        
      
      
        Harem Gamelit
        
          https://www.facebook.com/groups/HaremGamelit
        
      
      
        Pulp Fantasy, Harem, and Romance for Men
        
          https://www.facebook.com/groups/pulpfantasy
        
      
      
        Romance for Men
        
          https://www.facebook.com/groups/1324476308314052
        
      
      
        Monster Girl Books
        
          https://www.facebook.com/groups/monstergirlbooks

A Note on Cosmology
      Please be aware, this is a LitRPG story, and the main character has a distinct class, with game-like mechanics and progression. While romance and humor are the focus, we keep the LitRPG/Progression relevant throughout.
      We’ve put the game elements in their own chapters whenever possible.
      
        This series has a distinctive tone and flavor compared to the other “Fateforged” books. We use Tablets, and there are some small overlapping events, but it is considered to have a unique and distinctive timeline and cast of characters. Familiarity with the other books will give observant readers some fun easter eggs, but don’t expect there to be big, interconnected events (see 
        Suggested
         
        Reading Order 
        below for additional details).

Reading Order
      Fateforged Connections
      
        Some fans have requested an explicit reading order of the Fateforged books. While 
        Trailer Park Elves
         has been deliberately excluded from tight cosmology or chronology (meaning you definitely do not need to read the other books to understand what’s going on), here it is:
      
      
        Isekai Emperor
         (1-3): 
        These books kicked the universe off and are foundational. They start at timeline 0 and have ties to 
        Dungeon Champions, Dark City Girls, 
        and 
        Fate’s Enforcer.
      
      
        Dungeon Champions
         (1-3-Ongoing): 
        These books expand the Fae Wilds and the fantasy world and take place at the same time as Isekai Emperor. The series has connections to 
        Fate’s Enforcer
         and 
        Isekai Emperor. 
        Warning: 
        If you pick this series up, it’s a team builder. It has ALL the LitRPG mechanics and character sheets.
      
      
        Dark City Girls
         (1-2; 3 Forthcoming): 
        This is a grimdark series featuring Zane, a war hero turned retiree who is called back into action. Events in book 2 kick off the Trailer Park Elves “saga” (hehehe, we’re calling it a saga now). It has connections to 
        Fate’s Enforcer 
        and 
        Trailer Park Elves.
      
      
        Fate’s Enforcer 
        (1-3): 
        This is an urban fantasy series that explores what it means to be on the Fate’s team. It takes place at “approximately” the same time as 
        Trailer Park Elves
        . It has connections to 
        Dungeon Champions, Dark City Girls, 
        and 
        Isekai Emperor.
      
      
        Trailer Park Elves (
        1-3-Ongoing): 
        This series will have cameos from a bunch of other ones, but there’s no tight relationships.
      
      Connections to the Dalton Literary Universe
      
        There are also some more limited connections to Michael Dalton’s other series, primarily in Colton’s backstory. Santo Domingo is the setting for 
        Demon Hunter
        , 
        Shifter Girls
        , and the 
        Bikini Days
         series. However, with the exception of the character of Mia, who appears in 
        Shifter Girls
        , these connections are at an “Easter Egg” level and not necessary to enjoy this series.
      
      
        A more detailed reading order for these books can be found here: 
        
          https://www.michaeldaltonbooks.com/suggested-reading-order

The Story So Far
      ￼
      When I was jerked out of my mundane life on Earth and arrived at my new position as Trailer Park Manager, I had no idea what I was getting myself into. It’s been a wild ride since I inherited this job from the less-than-stellar Agitha, who apparently was running this place into the ground on purpose.
      First, I discovered I wasn’t just a manager – I was the manager of a pocket dimension trailer park cut off from Earth and the Fae Wilds by a wall of mist. Talk about a career change! My residents aren’t just humans, but elves, goblins, trolls, and other magical folk who’ve fallen on hard times.
      The park was a mess when I arrived – sewers clogged, trailers falling apart, and residents dependent on deliveries from the outside since we couldn’t produce enough ourselves. My Trailer Park Manager Tablet (which is snarky as hell) gives me quests to fix things, and I’ve been working my way through them.
      I’ve made some good progress: cleared the sewers, repaired the boiler, improved the water supply, expanded our farm to eventually feed everyone, and even got Mrs. McGillicuddy’s clothing production running again. I’ve even managed to organize the residents into helping each other rebuild their community.
      Along the way, I’ve gathered quite the entourage. There’s Tish, my blonde elven girlfriend who’s handy with cars; Ruby, my dragon-kin girlfriend who runs the junkyard; Chastity, my cat-girl succubus tattoo artist “sidekick;” and lately I’ve been dealing with Krystel, Tish’s mother who has some very specific ideas about our relationship. Oh, and there’s Tammy, single goblin mom, who says she just wants to “support me” however she can.
      I’ve also uncovered something fishy going on. Agitha and her delivery guy Larry (now dead) were running a bootleg hooch operation that was likely part of a money laundering scheme for fae criminals. I shut it down by accident, but I'm worried the people behind it might come looking for their lost revenue stream.
      Oh, and I just recruited Queen Jolene and her wasp swarm to help pollinate our crops, gave the park boys some much-needed male guidance, and helped some elven men reintegrate into society after they'd been living in squalor.
      Between cleaning up Agitha’s mess, managing multiple relationships, growing a community, and wondering what criminal enterprise might come knocking, my plate is pretty full. But I’ve got to admit – for the first time in my life, I feel needed.
      This weird little trailer park is becoming home, and I'll do whatever it takes to protect it and my people.
      ￼

Starting Character Sheet
      Colton Winchester
       
      
        Note: 
        Colton will receive his next class ability at level [7].
      
      
        Level:
         5
      
      
        Class: 
        Trailer Park Manager [Epic]
      
      
        Race: 
        Human + Maple-Blessed Evolution
      
      
        Experience Required for Level 6: 
        60
      
      
        Hit Points (Lastingness x Level +10 due to Racial Evolution): 
        100
      
      
        Mana
         
        (Foxy Smarts + Level): 
        21*
      
      *Your mana regenerates 2 points per hour.
      Cash Available for Shipments:
      
        Personal 
        $20,381
      
      
        Quest Bonus: 
        $60,000 in trailers and trailer upgrades; 3 permanent giraffes (in addition to 3 with 11 months left on their lease)
      
       
      Attributes
      You gain [5] new Attribute points with each level. No more than [3] may be added to any one attribute. At very high point values, the exchange rate will upgrade from 1 to 1 to 2 for 1, or even 3 for 1.
      
        
          Wiry Strength: 
          19 (You now deal between 6-10 more damage with melee attacks. If you’ve had any alcohol, this increases by [65%]).
        
      
      
        
          Lastingness: 
          18 (This is a measure of your physical endurance. Most adventurers have Stamina or Endurance. This version of the attribute provides a significant reduction to your overall fatigue rating, especially when consuming alcohol.)
        
      
      
        
          Fastness: 
          12 (This is a measure of your speed and agility. Most adventurers have Agility or Grace. This version of the attribute grants you an increased boost of speed when traveling around the trailer park, and is enhanced when you’ve consumed any alcohol)
        
      
      
        
          Stubbornness: 
          13 (You now have a [small] boost to resist being [charmed] or otherwise swayed.)
        
      
      
        
          Foxy Smarts: 
          16 (This is a measure of your intellect and ability to multitask. Most adventurers have Intelligence or Cunning. This version of the attribute grants you a slight boost to quick thinking/mental responsiveness.)
        
      
      
        
          Resistance: 
          15 (You now have [significant] resistance to all forms of status-altering effects, including [magical, chemical, etc.])
        
      
       
      Core Skills
      You gain [3] skill points per level. Each skill point represents a year of focused, high-value training in the associated skill.
      
        
          Fixin’ Things: 6
        
      
      
        
          Talkin’ Good: 6
        
      
      
        
          Keep ‘em Safe: 6
        
      
       
      Special Enhancements
      Racial Evolution – Maple Boon
      
        Description: 
        You have gained a racial endowment, subtly changing your body. Don’t worry, you’re still human; there’s just a few NICE bonuses.
      
      
        
          Wiry Strength and Lastingness have both been granted a [+2] bonus.
        
      
      
        
          Resistance has been granted a [+3] bonus.
        
      
      
        
          [+10] bonus hit points and become far more durable, allowing you to absorb up to [5] points of damage from any physical source.
        
      
      
        
          +2 Druid Spells
        
      
      
        
          “Other” Benefits
        
      
       
      Titles
      
        Leadership is Bitchin’!: 
        You gain an additional [10%] bonus experience from tasks involving leadership and group organization. Be careful, the Goblin King is going to start getting jealous!
      
      
        Blockage Cleaner
        : Your Strength is considered 25% higher when dealing with tight spaces.
      
      
        Wet King: 
        This title grants you the following benefits:
      
      
        
          You can hold your breath [50%] longer than normal
        
      
      
        
          At level [3] you are able to swim or maneuver under water with [25%] increased ability
        
      
      
        
          At level [4] you have the ability to speak with intelligent, magical aquatic life native to the Trailer Park, and can communicate underwater
        
      
      
        
          At level [5] you can produce aquatic-specific tools, including extra oxygen supplies and swimming equipment
        
      
      
        King of the Trailer Park (Circumstantial): 
        This title has been granted to you by [Queen Jolene] and applies only to your relations with her and her swarm. While she regards you as an equal, there are numerous social benefits. While you are considered to have equal status, you will be treated with greater respect. Also, since you seem to be growing a harem, you should know that Queens can only form lasting relationships with other royalty.
      
       
      Class Benefits for the Trailer Park Manager
      
        Level 1 – Fixin’ Shit: 
        You gain a 25% enhanced attribute bonus while attempting to repair any aspect of the trailer park.
      
      
        Level 3 – Storin’ Shit: 
        Your tool-belt acts as extra-dimensional storage, allowing you to more easily move things around the trailer park. This ability includes inventory management. To use it, touch an unattended object within the weight limit, and you can store it instantly in this space. 
        Note:
         This ability does not work on living beings. 
        Weight Allowance: 
        Your 
        Wiry Strength 
        score X your Level X 100 lb. 
        Current Maximum:
         9,500 lb.
      
      
        Level 5 – Doin’ Shit Faster: 
        You move 25% faster while traveling to locations that benefit the Trailer Park. This includes all forms of quests, even those for personal gain (as you level up, the park will also benefit).
      
       
      Trailer Park Druid Spells
      Growin’ Hooch and Hops
      
        Cost:
         3 Mana
      
      
        Range:
         Medium
      
      
        Duration:
         Instantaneous
      
      
        Area of Effect:
         Up to 10-cubic feet.
      
      
        Details/Effect: 
        This spell allows you to fast-forward the growth of an area by 3 months (or whatever the optimal growth of the targeted plants require). If used on something that ferments, it accelerates it [twice] as fast and has [twice] the range!
      
       
      Summon Rabid Friends
      
        Cost:
         15 Mana
      
      
        Creatures Summoned:
         Up to 6
      
      
        Duration:
         10 minutes
      
      
        Details/Effect: 
        This spell summons up to 6 random rabid animals to help you. These animals are enlarged to at least [large] size, if not already that big. Although frenzied, the animals will not attack you or your allies, and will actively obey your commands. This does, in fact, mean you could summon a wild opossum and ride it into battle.

Starting Quests
      Super Duper Important Quest: Bottle the Dark Well
      
        Details: 
        You’ve found a valuable resource. Figure out a sustainable, safe way to extract and barrel it. If you can, Mia will be assigned to personally handle trade negotiations and export operations.
      
      
        Rewards: 
        You’re looking at $200 dollars a barrel with which to buy local resources (not personal funds), plus 300 experience.

Starting Trailer Park Inventory
      
       
      Trailer Park Population (402.5)
      
        Adults: 
        283
      
      
        Children: 
        71
      
      
        Pets: 
        48.5 (see details)
      
      
        Local Funds Available: 
        $0 (including quarterly stipend; next deposit delivered in [3] months)
      
      
        Personal: 
        $20,081
      
      
        Park Income (per quarter; from all sources – long press for details; complete quests and upgrade the park to increase the income stipend): 
        $94,140
      
      
        Cost to Purchase Optimal Perishables (Per Quarter): 
        149,640*
      
      
        Note: 
        Quests are available to temporarily or permanently improve the park’s income. Long press for details.
      
       
      Perishable Supplies
      
        Note: 
        Supply amounts are for the total current populace. Perishable goods are stored in a communal, extra-dimensional container only the Trailer Park Administrator or designated assistants have access to. Your map has been updated with the location.
      
       
      High-Quality/Nutritious Food
      
        
          In Stock: 2 Month Supply
        
      
      
        
          Cost to Purchase More (Per Monthly Supply): $38,808
        
      
       
      Low-Quality Food
      
        
          In Stock: 7 Month Supply
        
      
      
        
          Cost to Purchase More (Per Monthly Supply): $12,936
        
      
       
      Health Consumables
      
        Description: 
        This category includes disposable health goods, from toiletries to bandaids.
      
      
        
          In Stock: 3 Month Supply
        
      
      
        
          Cost to Purchase More (Per Monthly Supply at current rate of consumption): $4,001
        
      
      Comfort Consumables
      
        Description: 
        This category includes firewood, blankets, pillows, and other items that are susceptible to common wear and tear. Be aware that around goblin children, nearly everything is susceptible to wear and tear.
      
      
        
          In Stock: Partial Supply; 50% depleted
        
      
      
        
          Cost to Purchase More (Per Monthly Supply at current rate of consumption): $7,007
        
      
       
      Purchasable Non-Perishable Units and Supplies
      Educational Dictator
      
        Description: 
        This order includes [1] Tablet-like device(s) that will help educate anyone who wields them. This version won’t accelerate the learning process, but it will optimize it, dynamically creating simple quests and adjusting the curriculum to benefit the holder. Every month of working with one is equal to [1 year] standard education. These are good for up to an [high school] education.
      
      
        
          Cost to Purchase: $5,000
        
      
       
      Food Manufacturing Refrigerator
      
        Description: 
        This will convert a portion of excess mana generated by the mana tree into highly nutritious food. As the Trailer Park Administrator, you will be able to control the mana/production rate.
      
      
        
          Cost to Purchase (Per Trailer): $18,000*
        
      
      
        
          	
        
        
          *
          Optional: 
          Complete the “Spreading Branches” quest to earn this for free with [Mia’s] next delivery.
        
      
       
      Trailer
      
        Description: 
        It’s a mobile home. Double the price for a double-wide (like the one you live in). Triple the price for a deluxe model. Each base can house up to [3] people comfortably or [6] uncomfortably. They come with plumbing and basic amenities, such as a small refrigerator and microwave. Costs include wiring them into the mana grid.
      
      
        
          Cost to Purchase: $6,800*
        
      
      
        
          	
        
        
          *
          Optional: 
          Complete the “Expand the Home” quest to earn [$60,000] to buy trailers or upgrades from [Mia] during her next visit.
        
      
       
      Repair Giraffes [Permanent: 3, 1 Year: 3]
      
        Description: 
        Repair Giraffes are magical constructs that provide [basic, small] repairs. They will help maintain the trailer park, freeing you to focus on more important tasks. Each will produce daily work based on the Trailer Park Administrator’s skills and attributes, effectively amounting to half of his labor in that period, but only for very simple things.
      
      
        
          Cost to Purchase (Per Giraffe): $2,500*
        
      
      
        
          	
        
        
          *
          Optional: 
          Complete the “Recruit the Birds” quest to earn [3] for free with [Mia’s] next delivery.
        
      
       
      Local Internet
      
        Description: 
        This will grant one trailer access to a basic, dated version of the internet, copied from 1996. With it, networked trailers can communicate or even host LAN parties. Communication outside of the Fae Wilds is blocked/impossible.
      
      
        
          Cost to Purchase (Per Trailer): $3,200
        
      
       
      Supply Dump
      
        Description: 
        You may order this multiple times. Each order will move [50 tons] of high-value trash from Earth to the junkyard. Trash does not include components dating after 1996 or weapons.
      
      
        
          Cost to Purchase (Per 50 tons): $1,000
        
      
       
      Dungeon Core
      
        Description: 
        Gain a Dungeon Core that can be used to produce monsters and magical items for your location. Be aware that these monsters may be dangerous for the locals. If the locals defeat one of these cores, the Fates will dynamically create up to [3] Tablets of [Common, Uncommon, Rare, or Epic] rarity randomly. You may also purchase a [Degraded] version for 1/4th of the price. Degraded cores produce [1] Tablet.
      
      
        Special: 
        As a Tablet-Wielder, you may complete local quests to enhance the rarity of the Tablets generated by these cores.
      
      
        
          Cost to Purchase: 
          $100,000
        
      
       
      [Specialized] Local Monster Spawn Array
      
        Description: 
        Generates a [rare] or higher monster next to, or near, an active Dungeon Core. This may add significant value to your trailer park. It may also add an element of danger. Enjoy your hunt!
      
      
        
          Cost to Purchase: 
          $120,000
        
      
       
      Expanded Sewage System
      
        Description: 
        Expand the sewage system. Each expansion includes a multi-purpose chamber of sufficient size to contain items like a [Furnace]. They also double as fun, if dangerous, mazes for all to enjoy!
      
      
        
          Cost to Purchase: 
          $8,700
        
      
       
      Mana Tree Seed
      
        Description: 
        Gain a seed that may be grown into a secondary mana tree, potentially doubling the magic output of your park. Normal growth of such a tree takes [30 years].
      
      
        
          Cost to Purchase: $150,000
        
      
       
      Tablet Interface Extension
      
        Description: 
        This will add a Tablet-like interface that can be placed anywhere in the trailer park. It can be used to allow locals to monitor certain aspects of the community, receive notifications, post jobs, or even receive [minor] quests from the Trailer Park Administrator. These won’t generate levels or classes, you’re no Goblin King or Battle Scholar, but they can allow residents to earn bonus pay or help with menial tasks.
      
      
        
          Cost to Purchase: $15,000*
        
      
      
        
          	
        
        
          *
          Optional: 
          Complete the “Build ‘Em Better” quest to earn this for free with [Mia’s] next delivery.
        
      
       
      Already Purchased
      
        Description: 
        Long press for additional details.
      
      
        Refurbishment Note: 
        Any already-purchased non-perishable goods may be refurbished (completely repaired and restocked) for 25% of the base price.
      
      
        
          Trailers (of various quality and size) X 44
        
      
      
        
          Mana Grid for [44] Trailers
        
      
      
        
          Local Internet for [15] Trailers
        
      
      
        
          Water Filtration Array
        
      
      
        
          Educational Dictators [3]
        
      
      
        
          Supply Dump X 60
        
      
      
        
          Waste Management Facility
        
      
      
        
          Furnace/Mana Amplification Facility
        
      
      
        
          Sewage; Expanded Sewage System X 5
        
      
      
        
          Degraded Dungeon Cores X 3*
        
      
      
        
          [Specialized] Local Monster Spawn Arrays [X 1]
        
      
      
        
          	
        
        
          *
          Note: 
          One core has been destroyed, with [1 Epic] tablet generated as a result.

Ultra Invasion Team
       
      Enemy Forces Summary
      
        Notable Figures: 
        4 + Mr. Gnomington
      
      
        Supplementary Mercenaries (Between level 0-3): 
        29
      
       
      
        Attribute Summary: 
        All members of this team have below-average attributes except where noted in their individual sheets.
      
      
        Abilities: 
        No member of the invasion team has a Tablet. Their classes and associated skills are approximations generated by the Tablet Network.
      
       
      
        Name: 
        Commander Roy, “The Exterminator,” Scourge of Bed Bugs
      
      
        Species: 
        Human
      
      
        Level: 
        4
      
      
        Class: 
        Bedbug Exterminator
      
      
        Notable Attributes: 
        Roy is exceptional in that none of his attributes are above 9. He’s functionally incompetent, stumbles in the dark, and has no self-discipline.
      
      
        Notable Abilities: 
        He’s extremely lucky.
      
      
        Notable Equipment: 
        Bedbug extermination equipment, plus a standard mercenary kit.
      
      
        Known For: 
        Roy is so lucky, when he enlisted, he managed to “fail” upward until he earned the rank of Second Lieutenant. When assigned to oversee a munitions depot, he managed to burn down an entire garrison house at a critical location, earning his dishonorable discharge. Since leaving the military, he’s adopted the title “Commander.” He’s well-known for wearing invented medals and creating wartime stories out of thin air.
      
       
      
        Name: 
        Rbbt “The Toad-man”
      
      
        Species: 
        Toad-man
      
      
        Level: 
        3
      
      
        Class: 
        Diving Rogue
      
      
        Notable Attributes: 
        Higher-than-normal Agility.
      
      
        Notable Abilities: 
        Frog powers (suction cup hands, leaping, holding his breath underwater, etc.)
      
      
        Notable Equipment: 
        Diving kit, including a very sharp knife.
      
      
        Known For: 
        Rbbt is known for scouring the ocean’s depths for treasure. After teaming up with a group of enterprising humans, he managed to retrieve over $50,000 of precious leather goods from a sunken ship. Unfortunately, the excavation did not go as planned, leaving every member of his team in prison. Like liquid smoke, the frogman escaped to dive another day.
      
      
        Warning: 
        He does not speak English, but understands a solid 20% of what he’s told.
      
       
      
        Name: 
        Dickdog the Unclean
      
      
        Species: 
        ???
      
      
        Level: 
        8???
      
      
        Class: 
        Festering Rot Heap
      
      
        Notable Attributes: 
        Dickdog has an attribute called “Anti-Charisma.” It makes him utterly revolting and disgusting to everyone.
      
      
        Notable Abilities: 
        This creature is the embodiment of halitosis. Simply being in the same room has been known to cause people to faint in disgust.
      
      
        Notable Equipment: 
        ??
      
      
        Slogan: “
        Dickdog save you!”
      
       
      
        Name: 
        Michael Bolton
      
      
        Species: 
        Human
      
      
        Level: 
        15
      
      
        Class: 
        Janitor
      
      
        Notable Attributes: 
        Michael Bolton has an exceptionally high endurance attribute, and has far more hit points than anyone should without a Tablet. Michael Bolton be addressed solely as “Michael Bolton.”
      
      
        Notable Abilities: “
        Survivorman” – Michael Bolton has an unusual ability to survive things no living person should. 
      
      
        Notable Equipment: 
        Michael Bolton has an extra-dimensional storage space he (won? earned?) that stores only cleaning supplies. But there are a lot of them.
      
      
        Catch Phrase: “
        I’m going to mop this floor after I mop the floor with you!”

Prelude
      A Visit from Management
      ￼
      The woman formerly known as Agitha sat in her office smoking a cigar. Her augmented Tablet, its frame fuzzy with aetheric infection, hovered a few feet away. The magical interface tilted and spun, whirling in the eddies of her smoke, creating simple, swirling patterns in the air around her.
      “Any word on our people?” she asked, voice coming out in a rasp.
      “No updates since you asked three minutes ago, love.”
      It hadn’t been long since Not-Agitha had deployed her team of so-called experts – the only ones she could afford. Given that their mission was literally to retrieve her goods and phone home, and the fact that they had her personal assistant with them, it wasn’t entirely unreasonable to expect they’d be back already.
      “Aren’t you going to say something?” the Tablet asked with a tiny hint of disappointment.
      
        “Say 
        what
        ?”
      
      She looked at the Tablet, then around the room, as if something worthy of mention might have appeared. Her office was small, having been maintained with the last reserves of her cash, coupled with the not-so-altruistic help of some contacts on the Earth side of things.
      
        There were several laptop computers, a new (all right, 
        used
        , but it was new to her) flatscreen television, and a few racks containing unfortunately regular booze, cartons of cigarettes, and the various odds and ends one might expect in an administrative office. Inside the open humidor, the few remaining cigars glowed faintly with magic, the only thing in the area indicating there was anything special about it at all.
      
      
        “About my 
        patterns
        . Aren’t they neat?”
      
      The Tablet bobbed and wove, moving so rapidly it created a sort-of double helix out of the smoke.
      
        “You’re kidding me, right?” Not-Agitha rolled her eyes. “
        Everyone
         talks about how having talking Tablets would be nice. But not everyone has to deal with Tablets that have personalities. It’s worse than a talking dog, I swear.”
      
      
        “Hey!” The Epic-tier artifact sagged as the screen, a magical surface that resembled an iPad, flicked on. It projected the shape of a frowning emoji. “I do so much for you. All the time. And the 
        one
         time I want some 
        appreciation
         for what I do, and you do this?”
      
      Snorting, she retorted, “I got your frowns right here.” Holding the cigar between her lips, she gave her Tablet all four middle fingers.
      
        In the trailer park, the residents had known “Agitha” as a short hobgoblin. In reality, she was a demon, tall, with black hair and four arms. In some communities, having four arms meant she should have been a gifted spellcaster. But Not-Agitha was also 
        not
         a spellcaster. In fact, there was only one thing anyone had ever complimented her on having four arms before, and that was—
      
      Click. Rattle-rattle SLAM!
      Somewhere beyond her room, one of the big warehouse doors shut with a clatter.
      Tucking her second set of arms away, Not-Agitha waved at her Tablet. Ceasing its darting and dipping, the thing vanished. As it did, she activated one of her few racial abilities.
      
        Demonic Shapeshift
         took hold, making her into an unassuming, kindly-looking human woman in her mid-forties. It also altered her clothes, adjusting the cut and fit to blend into her new role as a common mortal.
      
      It turned out that she needn’t have bothered.
      
        The door to her office flew open with a 
        bang
         as three men came walking in. All three were also disguised as humans, though their true nature wasn’t hard to discern. The first had an angled, crocodilian face and a waxed mustache over his thin lips. The other two men were built like neckless linebackers, their shoulders almost too wide to fit through the door frame.
      
      
        “There you are,” the lead man said in a thick Bronx accent, one that didn’t sound quite right, as if he’d adopted it from watching 
        The Sopranos
        . “Where the shit is our shit?”
      
      Not-Agitha came to her feet slowly. “Ahem. Billy. Nice to see you. Sure, it’s been years. Oh, I’m fine, thanks for asking. You?”
      
        Billy smirked. “Uh huh. Pleasantries. Whatever. Aggy, where are my shipments? I have 
        clients
        . Big names. There’s a fucking war going on, and our customers are thirstier than ever.”
      
      “War?” Not-Agitha looked at the air, where her Tablet would have been. It made a frightened squeaking sound, but did not appear. “Uh, I don’t know anything about a war.”
      
        “Don’ matta. We ain’t here to expand you into any fuckin’ 
        connected universe
         or anythin’ like that.” Leaning forward, all menace and fury, he growled. It came out as anything but human. “Now, Aggy, where is my hooch?”
      
      
        Swallowing hard, Not-Agitha dry washed her hands. “I have it, but . . . there’ve been a few . . . 
        complications
        . I’ve sent a team. They’ll be back very shortly. Nothing to worry about at all.”
      
      “A team? What team?” Billy turned to his two assistants. “Either of youse hear about anyone recruiting a team?”
      One of the two men, who wore a bowler hat perched precariously atop his blocky head, blinked a few times, then replied in a comically high-pitched voice.
      
        “Er, I was watching Tablet Entertainment Network for the news, like you said, Boss. And, uh, you know the Gerry Spriggan show? Well, that super hot djinn lady was on, giving her hourly news update. Vannah Vahn Tramp. You know her? The one that has the purple hair and the huge knockers? Anyway, she was talking about the war and all, going on and on about that Matthew guy and about that Zane guy, and anyway, then one of her 
        tits
         nearly flew out and, uh, sorry. What was it you asked?”
      
      
        Teeth grinding so hard the man’s jaw muscles creaked, Billy snarled, “Zippy, I swear to all the Aether Gods, if you don’t pay attention, I’m sending you back to the crisp den I found you in. You 
        and
         your brother.” Both men took a step back, intimidated by the threat. The second one’s face crumpled as he began to cry. Loudly.
      
      Billy wiped his face with one hand, forcing back whatever violence he’d been tempted to commit. “I asked if you’d heard of anyone recruiting mercs.”
      “Oh!” Brightening, the first one said, “Sure thing. I heard Rbbt and Roy both braggin’ on the network about getting hired.”
      There were several long, painful moments of silence as Billy’s face slowly turned red.
      
        “
        Rbbt
        .” he said, pronouncing the word like a curse. Rounding on Not-Agitha, his eyes caught a glint from the halogen light, reflecting a fire that wasn’t demonic, but close enough. “You. Hired. Rbbt, the asshole who drowned his entire crew just to steal their loot? 
        And
         Commander Roy, a washed up bug 
        smasher
        ? To. Get. My. Hooch?” He spoke in a clipped, biting cadence.
      
      “And a whole team to go with them,” Not-Agitha said, taking an involuntary step back.
      Her butt hit her desk, forcing her to remain in place as Billy stomped forward. He leveled a finger at her chest, poking right between her fake human boobs.
      
        “
        The issue is not a fucking infestation of bedbugs!
        ” he screamed at the top of his lungs. “The issue is that this breaks a key 
        fucking
         link in the 
        entire
         operation! If you’d left it up to me, I’d have brought in Zane’s crew to level the fucking place!”
      
      “I thought he was retired,” Zippy muttered. Billy immediately spun around on him.
      
        “
        I DON’t FUCKING CARE IF HE’s RETIRED
        ! I want this clusterfuck 
        fixed
        !”
      
      
        Billy slowly turned back to Not-Agitha as silence returned in the wake of his outburst. Face-to-face, nearly against her nose, he whispered, “You’ve got one week, Aggy. 
        One
        . After that, we’re going to have a hard talk. Is that 
        clear
        ?”
      
      
        “Yeah. Sure. No problem.” She bobbed an enthusiastic nod. “A week should be plenty of time. 
        More
         than enough. Just you wait.”
      
      
        “I 
        hate
         waiting, Aggy. You know that.”
      
      With that, Billy rounded, waving for his men to join him.
      Not-Agitha waited to hear the click of the warehouse door to exhale. She slumped at her desk, putting her face in her hands. “Maybe hiring Rbbt wasn’t the best move,” she admitted.
      Her Tablet reappeared, its voice cheerful. “Wow. That was kind of intense. He, you know, come to think of what that troll was saying, he wasn’t wrong.”
      She didn’t want to know the answer but asked anyway.
      “About what?”
      
        “Sure, sure. I was watching the Spriggan show earlier, too. He was right. The troll guy with Billy, that is. Vannah has some knockout boobs. So there was this harem on there, during their ‘Who’s the Father’ portion of the show. He was a half bird-man and the harem . . . hey. Wait. Why are you crying? Aggy, this is 
        important
        .”

Chapter 1
      All is (Not) Well
      ￼
      Colton Winchester, manager of the Enchanted Garden Villas Trailer Park, also known as Protected Zone 19-A1, woke up with a mouthful of fur, an ache in his groin, and three naked women pinning him down on his bed.
      The last three elements were responsible for the first two, though individually.
      His girlfriends Tish and Ruby had spent several hours the previous night draining every drop of fluid from his body with the aid of Tish’s tattoo collection. The blonde elf girl had enchanted tattoos over her womb and lower back that restored Colton’s libido, and these enchantments allowed him to go on far longer than normal. The three of them had kept going until all her charges were exhausted.
      Chastity, his tomboy-succubus-cat-girl sidekick, was responsible for the mouthful of fur. The cat-girl was celibate and virginal, and intended to stay that way, but as a result of being in heat at the moment, she preferred to remain as close to Colton as possible. She’d sat in the corner watching the entire time, and once Tish and Ruby were done with Colton and they all went to bed, Chastity had curled up on top of him to go to sleep.
      During the night, her tail had wound up across his face, which was what had led to the fur in his mouth.
      The cat-girl’s purring was what had woken Colton up. As he stirred, she started to uncoil herself from on top of his chest. Colton did his best to avoid staring at her lithe, cat-like body with its impressive collection of tattoos and piercings. Chastity was the local tattoo artist, and she was the one who had given Tish all her enchanted tattoos.
      As Colton wiped the fur from his mouth, Chastity stretched herself out, continuing to purr and rub herself against him affectionately. Like Tish and Ruby, the cat-girl was completely naked, which meant there was nothing between her and Colton’s morning wood but the thin top sheet. They were close enough that Colton could feel her clit stud through the fabric.
      When their eyes met, Chastity suddenly froze, as if she hadn’t realized she was grinding herself against his erection.
      “Oops. Sorry, Boss.”
      Colton sat up carefully as she withdrew. “Still in heat?”
      She picked at the tangles in her short black hair for a moment. “Yeah, it’s getting worse, actually.”
      The other two girls were still asleep, and Colton slipped carefully out of bed to avoid waking them. As the sheet fell away, Chastity’s eyes immediately shot down to his aroused state. The sudden look of feral hunger that hit her face made Colton cover himself in hopes of dousing it.
      “I need to take a shower and get to work. Stuff to do.”
      “Uh, yeah,” she replied, “I’ll go make some coffee.”
      “Good idea.”
      Colton went to the bathroom and turned on the shower. It took a minute or two to warm up, but then he got under the spray and wet himself head to foot. He had just reached for the body wash when the shower curtain opened. Chastity, still bare-ass naked, stood there with a mug.
      “Here’s your coffee.”
      Not sure what else to do, Colton took it. Then Chastity got into the shower with him.
      “Can I come in? I promise I’ll behave.”
      The cat-girl succubus slipped past him to get under the showerhead as Colton focused on his coffee. It wasn’t that he wasn’t attracted to her, because he was. She was thinner and smaller-breasted than either Tish or Ruby (though less so in that department since going into heat), but everything about her was taut, smooth, and firm.
      No, his concern was the litter of succubus kittens that could result from any loss of control.
      When she was completely wet, Chastity reached for the body wash and began soaping herself up. The shower was barely big enough for two people, which meant contact with her was unavoidable. He tried to ignore the feeling of her breasts repeatedly brushing against his arms and back.
      “Isn’t this playing with fire?” he asked as he tried to wash himself as well.
      “It helps, actually,” she said. “I can’t be too far away from you. And being naked like this helps more.”
      
        “
        How?
        ” he asked incredulously.
      
      “It makes my cat half think something could happen, which actually calms her down a bit.”
      The proximity to Chastity’s wet, naked body quickly restored his previous arousal. Colton did his best to ignore it until she turned around, and he found himself pressed between her soapy butt cheeks. He could feel her purring, and she began rubbing herself against him again, tail up and swishing against his chest. As she pressed her butt back at him, his erection slipped between her thighs.
      Colton froze as he felt himself pressing against the underside of her bare labia. A single thrust would have him inside her. The heat pulsing between her thighs was an invitation against his tip, practically welcoming him home.
      
        “
        Chastity
        .”
      
      The cat-girl froze as well. Then she turned around again, red-faced, though whether in arousal or embarrassment, he wasn’t sure.
      “Er, sorry. Couldn’t help it.”
      Wanting to stop this before it went any further, Colton quickly rinsed himself off and got out of the shower. As Chastity finished up, he shaved and got dressed in his work gear, then went out to the kitchen.
      He grabbed a breakfast pack from the fridge as Chastity rejoined him, a visible flush coloring her face and chest. Fortunately, she’d gotten dressed.
      
        “
        Whew
        ,” she said. “On second thought, that might not have been the best idea.”
      
      “Are you okay?” he asked.
      “I am now. But if you’d stayed in there . . . who knows?”
      Shaking his head at how close they’d come, Colton tossed down the last of his coffee.
      “Okay, I need to get going.”
      “Yeah, me too. Got a full schedule of tattoos to do today, starting with your dates tonight.”
      “My dates?” Then he remembered.
      He’d promised Belinda, Tonya, and AmberLynn a night of debauchery in exchange for their helping him trim the area around the mana tree. Part of him regretted his deal with the three elven women, but he’d needed their help and no one else had really been available.
      “What are you doing with them?” he asked.
      “Womb and back tattoos for all three.” Chastity grinned. “Did you expect something else? They want what you’ve been giving Tish and Krystel.”
      Colton groaned, realizing what this meant. It was going to be a long night. “Okay, yeah.”
      When they were done eating, he walked Chastity back to her trailer.
      “Any flavor requests?” she asked as they arrived at her door.
      “Ah, surprise me.”
      She gave him a hug and a peck on the cheek as she went inside.
      “Be careful out there, Boss.”
      Doing his best to ignore the case of blue balls that his sidekick had given him, Colton began his usual morning tour of the trailer park.
      He wanted, first of all, to check on the farm. Using the repair giraffes and an old riding lawn mower that Tish had repaired, he’d gotten the entire forty-acre plot planted with seeds he’d bought from Mia, their delivery driver. It would be a few days before anything sprouted, but he wanted to check to make sure nothing unusual had happened during the night.
      On the way through the park, he passed the trailer belonging to Tammy, the goblin single mom. Out front, he saw her three boys, JD, Billy, and Tommy sitting with their elven friends Bobby Joe and Tanner, who were sons of Misti, another one of the elven women.
      The five boys were seated around one of the Educational Dictator tablets that he’d gotten them in hopes of keeping them out of trouble and learning a few things. So far, it seemed to be working. The first time he’d met Tammy’s boys, they’d been engaged in a goblin game that primarily involved throwing mud at each other.
      JD and the others waved as they saw him.
      “Hi, Colton!”
      “Hey, guys,” he replied. “What are you learning about today?”
      “The woods!” Bobby Joe exclaimed.
      
        “The 
        woods
        ?” he asked.
      
      “Remember you said we needed to learn more about the park?” Tanner asked. “So we’re doing it.”
      Colton looked down at the screen, seeing that they were going through some lesson on ecology.
      “I thought you guys hated the woods?” he asked Tanner and Bobby Joe. The two elven boys had previously insisted they were “city elves” who had as little to do with trees and nature as possible.
      The two boys looked at each other, then back at Colton. “Well, you said a man sometimes has to do stuff he doesn’t like because it’s important,” Bobby Joe replied.
      He nodded. “I did, yeah. And it is important for you to understand the natural world, whether or not you think the woods are boring.”
      
        Tanner looked at him sheepishly. “They’re not 
        that
         boring.”
      
      “What are you doing today, Colton?” Billy asked.
      “Lots of work to do. Need to check on the farm now that we’re going to be growing a lot more food. Figured I might even try casting my first spell or two.”
      “Can we help?” JD asked. Five sets of eager eyes looked up at him.
      “When you’re done with your lessons, sure, I can find you some stuff to do.”
      That was when Tammy stuck her head out of her trailer. The goblin mom was looking prettier than she usually did, as if she was now concerned with her appearance in a way she hadn’t been before Colton arrived. Her long purple hair was brushed out, and she wore pink satin hot pants and a short t-shirt over her prodigious bosom.
      Tammy gave him a warm smile that made Colton remember his visit the other night, when she’d employed another one of Chastity’s tattoos on him. Her tattoo was like Tish’s, except for being on her tongue.
      “Good morning, Colton.”
      “Good morning, Tammy.”
      “What are you up to today?” she asked.
      “Just checking on things. Lots to do.”
      “Colton’s going to let us help,” JD said. His mom smiled.
      “All right, then, have fun. See you later.”
      She gave him a sly wink. The boys got back to work, and Colton continued on.
      The farm plot was situated along the edge of the park, a roughly quarter-mile-square area that had been cleared out of the woods. Until a few days ago, it had been a fallow, weed-choked meadow with only a small portion under cultivation. Now, it looked like an actual farm.
      Colton walked up and down the furrows checking on the planting. That was when he realized they’d forgotten something. The farm was going to need to be irrigated regularly, and he hadn’t bothered to check if there was any way to do it.
      Surely there must have been, if this place had been farmed before. He walked around the perimeter, finding nothing until he reached the side of the plot that was nearest to the mud pits and water treatment plant. There, hidden by weeds and undergrowth, he found a fat pipe emerging from the ground. It rose straight up about three feet before turning in a semi-circle to point downward. Nearby was a large valve. Colton tried to open it, but even with his enhanced strength, it appeared to be stuck.
      “I need some kind of lever or big wrench.”
      Thanks to his Epic-quality Tablet and the associated class, he had an ability that let him summon basically anything he might find at a Hardware Depot to help maintain or repair the park. With the request, he summoned an extra-large pipe wrench.
      
        It appeared in his hand, feeling precisely like the real thing, as if he’d taken it fresh off the rack at the store. After clamping it down on the valve wheel, he tried again. This time, with a loud 
        screech
        , the valve began to open.
      
      Low rumbling and gurgling noises rose from the pipe. A moment later, a wet mess of mud, desiccated animals that might have been rattitooies, weeds, and other debris spurted from the pipe opening, followed by a flow of clean water.
      This was clearly the irrigation system, but unfortunately, it wasn’t connected to the furrows. While there was a small pit in front of the pipe that collected the water, the outlet was choked with weeds and rocks. Worse, it ended about ten yards away, having apparently been filled in at some point in the past. They were going to need to dig a ditch to let things flow correctly.
      Colton shut the valve, stopping the water. He summoned the repair giraffes, and as they usually did, they appeared within a minute. He’d assumed by now that they followed him around at a discreet distance in order to be quickly available when needed.
      The six repair giraffes resembled short humans with giraffe heads. They superficially looked like beast-kin, with oversized, fuzzy hands, long necks, and big, dark eyes framed with extremely thick lashes. He’d overheard the women of the park remarking multiple times about how adorably cute the magical constructs were.
      Colton found the lawn mower where they’d left it, and he summoned a plow attachment they could use to dig a new irrigation ditch. It was about twenty yards from the pipe to the nearest furrow, but they would also need to plow a perpendicular ditch along one side of the plot so the water could flow across the whole field.
      
        He’d just gotten them to work when he noticed something odd. Along the far corner of the plot, he saw multiple footprints, as if a group of people had come walking through the newly turned-over dirt. That wouldn’t have been especially remarkable except for the 
        type
         of footprints he saw.
      
      It was mostly a mix of boots, the sort of heavy work or combat boots he had yet to see any of the park residents wearing. Most of the local folk wore simple shoes or sandals, and the rest often went barefoot.
      With the boot prints were some strange, triangular prints he couldn’t immediately identify. They looked like they’d been made by duck or frog feet, except for being as large or larger than his.
      A chill settled into Colton’s stomach.
      “What the fuck?” he muttered. “What is this?” he asked his Tablet. It appeared in a flash, the purple-lined Epic device fuzzing a little around the edges, a bit like an old glitchy television. Rotating a few times, it presented displayed text in a font he hadn’t seen before.
      
        He wasn’t sure, but he 
        thought
         the font was Papyrus. Whatever that movie featuring the blue aliens had been.
      
      ￼
      
        Notice! 
        Your Tablet has been upgraded with access to the newly-established Tablet Entertainment Network (TEN). This fun-filled program will include informative news segments, talk shows, and other programming. It’s the perfect distraction for the discerning magic-wielding inhabitant of our fair worlds. Would you like to enable this feature? [Y/N]
      
      ￼
      
        “That 
        is
         Papyrus,” he said beneath his breath. “No one uses that font. And no, I don’t want talk shows. Don’t you see I’m busy? Now, what about the footprints?”
      
      
        The Tablet shook like an etch a sketch. Its next message was in a bubbly font that 
        might
         have been Comic Sans.
      
      ￼
      
        Information Response: 
        You know Tablets aren’t equipped with cameras. We sure as hell can’t see footprints or give diagnostics about them.
      
      ￼
      “You see me just fine,” he pointed out. “And what does an ‘Epic’ magical artifact need eyes for?”
      ￼
      
        Sulky Reply: 
        Fine. You have a point. But that doesn’t change nothin’. This Tablet’s role is to help empower the wielder and relay administrative functions, not give nudges or hints, or help. In short: Do it yerself!
      
      ￼
      Colton looked at his Tablet like it had gone crazy. When had it started spelling in such a thick accent? Thinking back, he remembered the device had always spoken to him in a sort-of “Florida Man” vibe.
      Grumbling under his breath, he examined the footprints in both directions. It was hard to tell how many people had made them, but it appeared to be at least ten.
      Going backward, the trail ended abruptly at the edge of the woods, as if the group had appeared out of nowhere. This made little sense. Colton had always assumed the Veil was the only way in or out of the park, but perhaps he was wrong.
      
        Following the prints the other direction, the trail entered the swamp around the mud pits, and he quickly lost the trail in the water. This made even 
        less
         sense. What were they looking for in the swamp? He wondered if it had anything to do with the frog-men, if that was truly what they were.
      
      “Do frog-men exist in the Fae Wilds?” he asked.
      ￼
      
        Information Response: 
        Actually, we can answer this question. And the answer is a resounding yes. Fae frog society is rather elaborate, actually. You see, there is what’s called a “breeding queen” or a “brood mother.” She produces tens of thousands of eggs. Now here’s the really interesting part: all other fae frog females are sterile as long as she’s alive.
      
      
        But, if they 
        steal 
        the eggs, they can 
        then
         fertilize them with a male. If she does, that female instantly evolves into a brood mother, too. If she does this, the female could start her own colony or attempt to usurp the current ruler.
      
      What’s even more interesting is these frogs function like the Ovisari, sort-of. They can breed with practically any male.
      
        Bonus Fact: 
        They can shape-shift to suit the males of a target species. And they are HAWWTTTTT!
      
      ￼
      
        “Okay,” he said, frowning suspiciously. “That was way, 
        way
         more information than I wanted, or think I’ll ever need.”
      
      ￼
      
        Is Gratitude Lost On You? 
        You’re welcome. Also, here you go.
      
      
        Quest: 
        First Harvest
      
      
        Description: 
        Grow your first plants, using your own unique methods, water, and oversight. Produce enough food for at least [50] of your people for [5] meals with the results.
      
      
        Reward: 
        100 experience points.
      
      ￼
      His cranky Tablet aside, Colton had a bad feeling about the footprints. Whatever was going on here, it didn’t look good.